[2005, "seaons3"]	["This Vegas Thai place can be tricky to find. It is off the strip hidden away in a strip mall and can't be seen from the street. But, finding this place is worth it. It has been called \"The Best Thai Food in America\". \n\nIt isn't a fancy place, but the service is friendly and the food is great!  We had a vegetarian version of the crispy rice appetizer followed by a spicey fried whole fish. Wow! We picked that fish clean.  We will definitely be visiting Lotus of Siam again on our next Vegas trip.", "This is the best Thai restaurant outside of Thailand! If you don't know Thai food, your server will ask your preferences - tastes and level of spiciness - and make great recommendations, including reasonably priced and perfectly suited wines. If you love Thai food, you will find all your favorite dishes and always something new to try. You cannot go wrong here. Dinner is the thing to do, as lunch is a typical buffet thing. It's east of the Strip on Sahara in a weird kind of industrial complex - drive it or cab it, don't walk - but once you're in the restaurant, you will be in another world, a world of exquisite taste and service. Truly a fine dining experience."]
[2005, "season4"]	["The Commercial Center Mall is not the most obvious choice for Las Vegas' best Thai restaurant, but you will find it here nontheless.\n\nJonathan Gold of Gourmet magazine called Lotus of Siam the \"best Thai restaurant in North America.\"\n\nI wouldn't go that far, but it is very good!", "yum yum\n\nthai iced coffee\n\nfried tofu starter\n\nand lots of the basics\n\ntry the lunch buffet\n\nbut be prepared to wait in a long line"]
[2006, "seaons3"]	["I was somewhere near Barstow on the edge of the desert when the spices began to take hold.  I remember saying something like \"No matter how much sausage makeup and red onion perfume you put on this nam kao tod, Mr. iPod, it's still as tasty as a butch Rosie O'Donnell...\"  And then suddenly there was a terrible roar all around, and the sky was full of what looked to be huge bats, small planets, or Rosie O'Donnell, all swooping and screeching at me like they were on a diet.  A voice was ironically screaming, \"Oooh shush / keep it down down / voices carry.\"    \n\nThen it was quiet again.  My iPod looked at me all illuminated and poured out frosty New Wave hits over my belly to facilitate the digestion process.  \"What the hell are you yelling about?\" it muttered, glancing at my doggie bag, wondering why it smelled like dog poo. \"Never mind,\" I said.  \"Everything's rosy.  It's your turn to pick a place to eat.\"  \n\nAnd it was.  I was done picking Vegas restaurants.  Whatever bastard over at Gourmet named The Lotus of Siam \"Best Thai Food in North America\" must have gotten the Bangkok Special in the back because my food was as muddled as a clean-and-sober Courtney Love.  The only thing that made things worse was the lingering stench of krab meat.  (There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of a krab binge.  Except, perhaps, being the drunken bastard that created this Drunken Noodle plate. Rubbery calamari, unripe papaya, and faux seafood aside, I'd name my child Shiloh Pitt before I'd take a Piloh Shitt at this place again.)", "This place gives new meaning to the saying, \"Don't judge a book by its cover.\"  Stuck in a rundown shopping center next a wig shop, I didn't know what to expect from what I've heard to be \"The Best Thai Food in North America.\"  \n\nMy co-worker swears by this place and gave me a list of menu items to order: Chicken satay, steamed sea bass (not on the menu), shrimp garlic, and mango with sticky rice for dessert.  My boyfriend and I ordered some crab fried rice just in case the recommendations turned out to be \"too Thai\" haha.  Turns out we enjoyed the crab fried rice the most.  Everything else was good too but nothing I would rave about.\n\nThe staff were accomodating and sweet.  The atmosphere was homey and inviting.  The only thing stopping me from giving this review 4 stars is all the hype.  Then again, I'm not a Thai food aficionado.", "Very good and authentic tasting Thai restaurant.  I don't know if I'd call it the BEST Thai restaurant but it is certainly up there.  Try to call ahead and make reservations or you'd have to wait but it's worth it.  My next trip to Vegas will defiantly include a trip back to Lotus of Siam.", "Went to Lotus of Siam because numerous magazine articles proclaimed it \" the best Thai food in America\". Well, maybe it's the best Thai barf in America. What a gross, greasy pile of crap was served to us. And not cheap despite it's location in some out of the way strip mall. Plus, good luck to get a cab to take you back to your hotel.\n\nRed 8 at the Wynn is outstanding for Thai. Go there instead.", "by far the BEST thai food i've ever had. it brings shame to any thai bbq and sanamluang locations. the food screams authenticity and different flavors associated with thai cooking - yes, there is more than lemon grass, coconut milk, and curry powder! there are levels of spiciness and the owner is a connoisseur of german white wines. he can match any dish with the right wine. how superb! just make sure you know what you are asking for when you ask for \"spicy\". dinner is the best deal. for lunch, there is a buffet, however, it rids of the entire atmosphere. (if you want a buffet in vegas, eat at the rio!) there are tons and tons of items to try- all the more reason to come back. i think we ordered about 7-8 dishes and paid a little over 100, including tax and tip. we were only a party of 3! now that is good dining!\r\n\r\nthe location and the setting isnt what you would expect of the restuarant. it's off the strip (which is a good and bad thing), located in a plaza. just dont judge a book by its cover. come hungry and talk to the owner if he's there. he's a really nice guy!"]
[2006, "season1"]	["An oasis of real food amongst the buffet lines and crap overpriced food on the strip.  Everything we had was delicious, but the pounded young jackfruit was a standout.  Located in a dive strip mall off the strip, but worth the cab ride.  The Northern Larb is also great, much more flavorful than the generic larb in your average thai restaurant.", "Awesome. Awesome. Awesome.  And I don't even like thai food.", "I had the lunch buffet. It was decent. Nothing to rave about. I have a hard time imagining how it could rate as best Thai food in the US. Maybe ordering from the menu leads to better results. But I think Pin Kaow is better.", "Right up there for best Thai food in America.  In stead of hitting up the latest NY-chef, 1-weekend-a-month restaurant casino restaurant, catch a cab and hit the strip mall."]
[2006, "season2"]	["Had some really interesting dishes that were pretty good, and I really regret that we didn't order more mango w/ sticky rice for dessert. Gosh that was good. More later.", "I was delirious from no sleep, no rest, work calling endlessly, tendonitis flaring up in my ankle and a wedgie from my thong.  Stupid underwear....why is my boss calling me again?  What time is our flight?  Fuck these shoes are cutting into my skin!!!!  I should have talked to that hot guy at the pool....too bad I looked like the Pillsbury Dough Boy.\n\nAfter four days in Vegas I was plumb tired and exhausted from laughing and drinking and walking endlessly through the desert of Sin.  I was swimming in my disillusioned mind of crazy thoughts.  You know the feeling right?  The one where you are so loopy with exhaustion that you have no other emotions but \"wha????\".  You answer every question with that blank stupid grin of numbness.  \n\nThen we came to Lotus.  The food was great and replenishing.  It was fresh and flavorful and it gave me the mental pick me up I needed to gamble once again the same $20 dollars I've been losing and winning at the penny slots all weekend.", "Lotus was very good.  When you pull into the Commercial Center Mall, make a right and then it is almost immediately on your right.  You can't tell from the outside or decor (besides the dozens of photographs) that this place is so well loved.  I got the non-spicy vegetable soup, one companion got the spicy vegetable soup, and one got the spicy shrimp soup.  Mr. Shrimp Soup was gobbling up the soup, which he declared great, when he spit out a very spicy Thai pepper he had been chewing on.  It took half the meal for the burn to subside.  The spring roils were decent.  I got vegetarian chop suey which was yummy and the veggies are very fresh.  They don't serve fresh coconut juice.  The only real disappointing was the fried bananas, which were laden with an overpowering amount of coconut."]
[2006, "season4"]	["I went in with rocket-high expectations of the food here since it's reputed to be \"the best Thai food in N.America.\"   While the food was really good, I don't know that it necessarily lived up to its reputation, at least the night we were there.\n\nPer the friendly waiter's recommendations, we had their \"signature\" deep-fried sour sausage appetizer, which was a unique starter.  It looks like deep-fried rice, actually, when it comes out, but apparently yes folks, that IS sausage.    Very strong flavors of sourness (from the lime juice?), hot chilis (spiciness can be to your requested level) and lots of other complex flavors all put into a very tasty combination.   \n\nWe moved onto their spicy beef, drunken seafood noodles, spicy seafood salad, and tom kah kai soup.\n\nSpicy beef = 5 stars.   GREAT flavors, down to the lime juice - infused bed of cabbage that the beef is sitting on.\n\nDrunken seafood noodles = 4 stars.  Good, but not life-changing.  Nice combination of lots of seafood (imitation crab, squid, shrimp, and ooh even a mussel was thrown in there!)\n\nSpicy shrimp salad = 3.5 stars.  You can request the spiciness to the level of your comfort, and we asked for \"medium.\"   We found the dish to be flavorful, but a bit too salty and a bit too spicy for our tastes.  I felt overwhelmed by the dish after a couple bites and couldn't really eat much more.\n\nTom kha kai soup = 4.5 stars.  VERY well-balanced, complex, fresh flavors.\n\nNo room for dessert, though I was very tempted to get coconut ice cream just to put out the fire in my mouth and mellow out all the strong flavors I'd just ingested.\n\nDefinitely a good place to go if you like Thai food and/or strong / spicy flavors, but I don't know that it's the \"best Thai food in N. America.\"", "One of my must visit places in Vegas for Thai food.\n\nMy favorite dish:  Thai Beef Jerky.  Yum Yum Yum!  (5 Stars just for this!)  Most of the thai restaurants I've tried do not make it the way Lotus does.\n\n+ 1 STAR for the selection of German Riesling (white wines).  Try their 3 glass tasting sampler!  Awesome!\n\n---\n\nUPDATE 10/01/07:  I came to Lotus for Lunch with Jim C. and my wife, as they are here for a work related conference and I was just here for the food!  I had the $8.99 lunch buffet and boy was this disappointing.  If I had never eaten anything a la carte from Lotus of Siam, I would NEVER have returned based on the food quality and taste of the items in the buffet.  The Thai Red Curry Chicken was too watery and had no flavor except for being spicy.  The Pad Thai was boring, too sweet and lacked limes and peanuts.  The only star in the buffet bunch was the Beef Noodle soup. \n\nPlease don't judge Lotus of Siam based on their buffet.  Order from the MENU!!!", "Updated 2/23/07:\nWe went last week for the lunch buffet -- what a tremendous disappointment! Their website says the buffet is served until 2:30, but when we arrived at 1:45, we noticed a sign in the window (dated 2003!) saying lunch ends at 2. The buffet was totally picked over, they didn't restock any of the interesting items, half of the trays were full of either non-thai food (tempura? egg-drop soup?) or filler (shrimp chips, fried wonton skins). One curry, one stir fry, one thai soup... and all of it lukewarm. The only salad was iceberg and miso dressing. Nobody every asked us if we wanted drinks, we had to beg for water refills. Avoid the lunch buffet at all costs.\n\nOriginal (four star) Review 11/06:\nAll the reviews below that call this place \"the best Thai restaurant in the country\" are, frankly, doing this place a disservice. It's a creditable Thai restaurant, and they certainly serve some of the best Thai food I've had since San Francisco's Thep Phanom took its nosedive into mediocrity. Every dish we tried was tasty and properly balanced, the service was attentive and welcoming, and the menu's impressive in its diversity. And, of course, there's an undeniable pleasure of finding such a gem amid the underbelly of Old Vegas seediness.\n\nBut unless you've spent your life eating ketchup-y pad thai, Lotus of Siam is not going to change the way you think about Thai food. But that's not the point, nor should it be. If you go expecting a palate-altering experience at a trek-worthy temple of gastronomy, you'll certainly come away disappointed. Go, instead, hungry for a well-made, casual dinner in an atmosphere that couldn't be less \"Vegas\" if it tried.", "Wonderful wine list (lots of german whites, a perfect foil for spicy Thai cuisine), great service, pleasant atmosphere. Northern specialties available, as well as Ameri-Thai standbys. Not the best Thai restaurant in North America, but very good and a nice antidote to the overpriced, overwrought casino restaurants."]
[2007, "seaons3"]	["Best Thai food in North America?? Although it was good, I can't say it was remarkably different than a lot of other Thai restaurants. My \"Northern Thai curry\" was actually too hot for me to eat comfortably (I had to order some plain rice to get the tofu down), although the menu really had no warning about that. My dining companion ordered his sea bass 7 out of 10 for hot. The waiter didn't ask me how hot I wanted my food, but it was clearly much spicier than the 7. I eat Thai food pretty regularly and haven't had this experience before. But that I kept eating anyway is a sign of how good it was. The people next to us got 6 pounds of deep fried lobster that looked pretty dramatic.", "First off: There is no way in hell this is the best Thai food in the USA. Actually, I suspect, but don't know, that this is not the best Thai food in Vegas. I ate there a few times with my wife (we are both vegans). There were lots of vegetarian options, but it was very hit and miss. Some food was actually pretty good, and some very boring. Probably the worse was the \"Thai salad\": Note to staff, just putting peanut sauce on iceberg lettuce does not make it Thai.  \n\nThe staff were very friendly, but you really get a sense that you have to fit the rhythms of the restaurant. We went in at 9pm one night (kitchen closes at 9.30pm - at least during weekdays) and the last half of our meal was punctuated with the sounds of the vacuum cleaner (this also happened on another occasion when we in the last part of lunch). Really it is difficult to have a peaceful meal and enjoy your food when people are making a huge noise while you are trying to eat. Also the lighting is really harsh at night. Much calmer for lunch than dinner. Spicing is on a 1:10 scale and be aware that 10 is v. hot.\n\nIt is a big relief to be off the Strip though so we went back and the food was OK if not too great. It's about $12-$15 cab ride from the Strip.  Prices are reasonable.\n\nBottom line: nice place for a quiet lunch, but don't go with huge expectations.", "I've only been here once.  I came here for dinner and enjoyed the dishes we ordered.  I absolutely loved their crab fried rice.  I am a fiend for crab fried rice.  I love the crab fried rice at OSHA Thai cafe on Geary Blvd in S.F. and ever since then, I have been ordering crab fried rice in every Thai restaurant that has the dish on their menu.  I hadn't found one that came close to OSHA's until Lotus of Siam.  It's better than OSHA!  Wow!  I never thought I'd be saying that.  Anyway, also had their papaya salad which was good, but we made the mistake of asking for 6 on their scale of 1-10 for spiciness.  The waiter said 4 was what most people ordered.  Well, I thought. I could handle spicy more than most people... well, I was dead wrong.  It was damn spicy!  So if you go here and they ask you for the scale... order 4!  Otherwise it's way too spicy.  I don't know if it was able to take less spicy this time because of the heat in Vegas... not sure if that had something to do with it.  But it was damn spicy.  Their deep fried pompano fish was pretty tasty as well.  Their sticky rice with mango was also very tasty.  The mango was very good.  \n\nSo I give it 4 stars because of their decor.  They could do so much more with the place.  It was very plain and ordinary.  I guess I've become used to Thai restaurants having more of a Thai decor and having more of a warm feeling while dining in the restaurants.", "So this place is known for having the best Thai food in the country, possibly.  Of course, with reviews like that, I tried not to expect TOO much when I first ate there, so I wouldn't be disappointed.  I mean, how could it be the best Thai food in the country?  The place is located in Commercial Center, the weirdest, sleaziest strip mall in Vegas, right by the Green Door sex club and the wig shop.  \n\nBut... the food is FABULOUS.  It might be the best Thai in Vegas.  In the country?  Who knows.  Try the Drunken Noodles- they are oh so good.  Be sure to make a reservation because you may not get in otherwise.  Service also excellent.", "The crispy rice salad with chinese sausage, mint and lime is by far the best thing I have ever tasted.  I always order 2 portions.  If you HAVE to go to Vegas, (God forbid) you should check it out.", "This CANNOT be the best Thai food in America!  I have had far superior Thai food.  Not to say it's bad.  It's just... well, good.  That's what my three star review says.  If this was my neighborhood Thai restaurant, I wouldn't hesitate being a regular.  But I certainly wouldn't fly across the country to come eat here like I would... say, for Arun's in Chicago. \nAfter my first visit here a couple of months ago, I hesitated in writing a not-so stellar review.  I was puzzled at what the other people were tasting that I wasn't.  The other reason why I was reluctant to write one was 'coz I felt it would be an unfair write-up after only trying mostly their Northern Thai dishes.  Yes, we enjoyed the nam kao tod - minced sour sausage appetizer a lot but everything else paled in comparison to what I expected.  The northern larb was far inferior to the regular larb, and the much acclaimed kung ka noon which is a spicy young jack fruit curry was far from yummy - almost a dish that requires an acquired taste.  \n\nI resisted from writing a two star review then... so today, we returned to order a bunch of food that weren't just what other moronic non-Thai- food-eating-'experts' claimed excellent, but ordered what we normally enjoy.  I feel that following food critics reviews on ethnic food may be a little tricky.  But having gone to Thailand a gazilion times since I was 3, went to cooking school there and grew up around the region, I know what Thai food (in the Bangkok area) should taste like.\n\nToday we ordered the vegetarian egg rolls, tod mun plar (fish cakes), and yum woon seng (seafood glass noodle 'salad') for appetizers; crispy mussel omelette, chicken green curry and pad thai for entree.  Yes, two noodle dishes.  I love my noodles :)  My favorite dish at this meal was the mussel omelette.  It was close to what it should taste like and I enjoyed the nice crunch.  This dish is enjoyed both in Thailand and some other parts of South East Asia (though oysters are often used - minus the crispy part).  The green curry, I felt, lack flavor and spice even though we asked for very spicy (7 out of 10 for spice).  DO NOT order the pad thai here.  It is NOT what pad thai should taste nor look like.  We make much better pad thai at home lol!  \n\nIt was a good meal.  I walked out pretty contented with my Thai food craving.  Service was pleasant and friendly as was our first time dining here.   I just couldn't figure out what the lady was saying 80% of the time so I just agreed and smiled :D", "This place was on food TV so I thought I'd give it a try while we were out in Vegas. It's a real hole in the wall in a strip mall but it gets better once you're seated. The service is pretty fast and friendly. \n\nI would compare this place to President Thai in San Gabriel and Star of Siam in Long Beach in terms of flavor and service. It's really good, but I dunno if I would agree that it's the best in America, you know? I don't think the portions here are as big as they are in So Cal either, but it's nice to have such Thai food in an area of up-scale restaurants and buffets up the wazoo. It's a nice spot if you wanna change things up or wanna save some money for the tables by dining off the strip.\n\nI think I give it an extra star because if it wasn't for food TV and Lotus of Siam, I never would have known there was a Leatherby's there! God I miss Leatherby's..", "What can I say? You either love this place, or you hate it. I fall solidly on the love end of the spectrum. I give it 5 stars on food quality, but the ambiance and atmosphere are most definitely lacking. Maybe it was the strip mall it's in. Maybe it was the crowded tables and disjointed service (four separate waiters? spilling water all over the place? 15 minutes for a thai iced tea?). Maybe it was our cab driver telling us that as recently as a few months ago, he would shoot up in the parking lot, as this was a well-known drug hang out, and he would not drive to this part of town after dark (that's a whole other story).\n\nSo if you're looking for some bomb ass thai food (and yes, it just might be the best in the country) and are willing to deal with some superficial shortcomings, this place is worth the trek from the strip.", "meh.\n\n\nat the behest of my girlfriend's stepfather, we ate there one wednesday night.  apparently this was one of the places we needed to visit according to his limitied radii's around the convention center.  he recommended the sour sausage rice.\n\ni lived in southeast asia for years, i ate in bangkok, phuket, i got splattered with frog blood at a market in chiang mai.  on reading all the rave reviews (especially from Gourmet-which has never really let me down) i was ready for a little gastronomic pre cum to dribble down my leg..\n\nnot so, not even a squirt.\n\nthe sour sausage rice was good, sour, crispy, not much sausage.  too spicy for my girlfriend, and i was definately reminded of it the next morning on the elger..  but i'd never had that before, i was optimistically impressed-she was fading fast.\n\nit took two tries for my singha, while waiting we checked out the clientele....hippies. sort of, not the VW bus, no jobber, dead head folks-the VPR, pious prius, art teacher beady, kaftan wearing types.  i began to see why this place was reviewed so positively and with so much frequency.\n\ni resisted getting a traditional curry, and opted for the 'house special' or something.  big mistake.  it was coconut milk free, pretty tasteless,  and overall not good.  i could tell it was a totally traditional northern thai dish, but it was devoid of flavor, notably salt.\n\ni was gonna make my feelings heard, but i was in my chef pants and rubber shoes and really didnt feel like being vocal at this point.\n\ni just dropped my review down to a 2 star, much better could be done at home after a quick trip to the ranch99 market and about 10 minutes on the internet.\n\n\n\nskip it.", "thought i'd add that the duck curry special (not the regular one on the menu) is CUM INSPIRING. the duck is crispy and exploding with flavor.  best duck i've ever had (and i'm not even really into duck). the rest of the food was super good."]
[2007, "season1"]	["Best Thai food around!!\ni love their thai tea and their noodles...\ngreat prices too!!", "If you don't order the crispy rice salad, then don't bother eating here.  The relatively few poor reviews can probably be explained away by the simple fact that they missed the best things on the menu, and this one is the best of the best.", "Ok so I love Thai food. This place was also voted Best of Las Vegas a few times in the past few years. There are 2 things certain here. One. It's a popular place. Two. It's Thai food. Real Thai food. I like they have specials off the menu. I enjoy a lot of different things here from the Pad Thai, the red curry with numba 10 spicy. Their mint beef is pretty good too.  Mmmmm.....Their Thai Iced tea is not overly sweet. The staff is friendly and the cost is average. It's a very nice atmosphere. Overall, it's more of an \"upscale style\" thai restaurant. Don't eat during lunch at Buffet. You will be disappointed. Have dinner!", "The only reason I go to Vegas. Let the cute elderly waitress/owner order for you and you can't go wrong. There is a spicy fried squid dish not on the menu that keeps me coming back for more", "This is a skanky little place, no decor, bad area but this is where the locals eat, and it's open all sorts of late hours as I recall.  Some of the best Thai food you will ever have in your life. Nuff said!", "This place has got more accolades and awards from reputable sources( Zagat, Gourmet, etc.),  than Mel Gibson has hate mail and I am happy to say that they are well deserved.\n\nAlthough they have some safe and Chinese inspired dishes, which I think they should cut from the menu, their specialty is Northern Thai and the surrounding regions. Dishes can be small but that can be an excuse for your party to try more things. You won't regret it.\n\nDon't confuse this place with some of those Thai places that try to be gourmet but stray too far from authenticity. This is real deal, gourmet Thai cuisine. Take it from me or not but I am Thai and have been to Thailand many times and I think I agree with the writer from Gourmet Magazine that this is \"The best Thai food in North America\". I 'll even go as far as saying it is better than most restaurants in Thailand.\n\nThe service id good, plating is nice and decor is pretty crappy but it doesn't really matter when the food is this good.\n\nPrice $20-30 per person for dinner. \n\nIt's located in a dodgy strip-mall consisting of massage parlors and shady looking bars, restaurants and all the riff -raff they attract but I'll gladly dodge a few bullets to eat here again.\n\nI give Lotus of Siam 5 stars based on the taste and quality of it's food. I usually reserve this for ultra elegant, flawless in all ways, destination restaurants. I will make the exception because this place is truly in a league of it's own because of how far the taste and quality exceeds that of any other Thai restaurant I have been to in the United States."]
[2007, "season2"]	["Growing up on Southeast Asian cusine, I was very excited to go to this place after all the rave reviews, and articles written about it (posted all over in their waiting room).\nI have to confess that we came here a few times over the last couple years, which I am embarrassed to say...but in my defense, we have a Thai food lover in our midst and didn't know where else to go to satisfy her Thai food crave...\nBut after the last time I was there...I swore not to come back.\nI have two comments about this place 1) OVER-RATED and 2) OVER PRICED. And of course it qualifies as the worst Thai restaurant I've ever been to. \nDon't know what's wrong with those white people writing rave reviews about this place in those magazines. They are either snobs who pretended to know what they're talking; or she probably fed them the magic mushroom during their reviews.\nYou don't need to like Thai food to know that it's not good.\nDon't go there and save yourself some money to take your friends and family to an authentic place that doesn't rip you off because it can.", "I am SO glad to see I'm not the only person who didn't have an orgasm going to this place.  I was starting to think there was something wrong with me.  \n\nMy client is a very well-known food critic, and knowing how much I love Thai food, he kept telling me that I needed to go to Lotus of Siam on my next Vegas trip.  \"The absolute best Thai in America,\" he insisted.\n\nSo I trust him.  He knows his ethnic food.  And on my next trip to Vegas, I made a point of going to Lotus of Siam.  And not only was it not the best Thai food in America, it wasn't even the best Thai food in Las Vegas.  Everything I ordered was way below standard from what I've had in this country and in Thailand.  Granted, I'm vegan, so my food was sans fish sauce, but still, I've had damn good vegan Thai in New York, Chicago, LA, and Chiang Mai.  This stuff didn't even come close.  My dining partner went so far as to say his food was \"disgusting.\" I wouldn't go that far, but I was really not impressed.  \n\nWe ordered appetizers, entrees, and we even ordered the famed  sticky rice with mango that several of the food critics glowed about in their articles that wallpaper the entrance (you have plenty of time to read them all while you wait for your table-- the place is packed).  Even that  wasn't good, and they didn't have to alter any of the ingredients for me to eat it.\n\nWhen I came back to LA, I told my client about my experience.  He was shocked.  \"You're the only person I've ever met who didn't have a life-changing experience there,\" he mused.  \n\nI  don't know.  Maybe it was the chef's day off.   Maybe they hate vegans.  Maybe my taste buds were off.   But last time I was in Vegas, I went to the almost-empty Thai place across the shopping center from Lotus and had a much better meal.  I guess there's just no accounting for taste.", "If you have eaten at one of the Thai Nakorns in Southern California, then you are spoiled like me. I guess I went to Lotus of Siam expecting something magnificent, to only be disappointed by a dinner of mediocrity. \n\nHaving heard about Lotus of Siam and read the numerous glowing reviews on the internet, I had thought that we were going to be experiencing an orgasmic meal of mammoth proportions. Some of the reviews had proclaimed that Lotus of Siam was the best Thai restaurant on the West Coast. But I beg to differ. \n\nThe food was mildly good. The restaurant itself was very bland, shoved away in a bleak strip mall in the dark corners of Las Vegas. Walking up to the restaurant, we had high expectations, but those were soured when we entered. The walls were overflowing with numerous accolades and yellowing newspaper clippings declaring the success and importance of the restaurant. OK so that was a good sign. Contrary to the restaurant's proclamation that there were no open seats, the supposed \"packed\" restaurant was dotted with a few parties and looked quite spare.\n\nSo we sat down in a booth towards the back of the restaurant, near the kitchen and ordered a few bottles of sake. After being provided with our small bottles of sake and menus, we began ordering. A lady came by our table, the owner I guess, and tried to push a fried fish on us stating that we would like it. In fact, most of the night the servers tried telling us what we would like and not like suspecting us to be \"virgin\" Thai food eaters. \n\nThe food came out in a somewhat fast progression, coupled with more bottles of sake. By that time we were feeling a wee bit of the sake, but the food kept us in reality as it did not conjure orgasmic feelings. In fact the food itself was quite unsettling, with very little flavor. By that time the owner had tried pushing the fried fish on us four times, we still did not budge. \n\nLeaving Lotus of Siam, we realized how spoiled we had become. Thai Nakorn was still the champion and Lotus proved to be an unworthy opponent.", "Lotus of Siam has a reputation as an excellent Thai restaurant.  It deserves its reputation.  A few brief observations:\n* Reviewers warn against the buffet, which is standard Chinese.  From what I saw, I'll second that view.  Order interesting Thai food from the menu.  Be sure to ask for the Northern menu, which has many good choices as well.\n* I had Nam Kao Tod (minced sour sausage mixed with green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanut, and lots of crispy rice); charbroiled catfish; sticky rice with mango.  It was a lot of food, and everything was very good.\n* The food tends to be very, very hot.  Fortunately, you get to specify how spicy you want things.  Your waiter will ask you how hot you want your food on a scale of 1-10, where 10 is the hottest.  I ordered level 3 to be safe, and it was still pretty hot.\n* The address is on Sahara Avenue.  However, that's the BACK of the restaurant.  Don't run away in horror; instead, drive around to the other side.  It turns out to be a shopping mall, with the entrance to Lotus of Siam.  Once you get inside, you won't be much more impressed with the decor.  Don't worry - it's a good restaurant!", "Nothing fancy about the restaurant but the food and the service was good. \nActually, it was a little spicy for me. I wish I would have asked for mild. I was breaking a sweat and my mouth was burning, however very good and great ingredients.\nThe 89' Riesling that I had with my meal was excellent. (brought to the restaurant.) \nWould definitely go back for more!", "i really didn't know there was going to be so many haters on this review. but honestly this is the best thai food in the US. been here twice and both times were a mind-blowing experience. \n\nimagine 7 guys coming to lotus and sharing 5 dishes. funniest site imaginable. we tore apart our plates man. we shared the whole fried catfish, bbq pork, bbq beef, pad see yew, duck curry, and plenty and plenty of steamed rice. honestly i didnt know that such a lowly fish, such as catfish, can be cooked in a manner that really puts it up there with the more celebrated fishes (salmon, tuna, halibut, bass, snapper, etc.). the bbq pork was crispy yet moist. the pad see yew was pad see yew. we ordered it for a stomach filler. ahah. the duck curry with little grapes and pineapples were perfect. the thing that really blew my mind was the bbq beef. little slices of beef topped off with a lime fish sauce. o man. my tongue has never tasted those flavors before. it was like i landed on another planet. this is why i gave it five stars. this restaurant changed the way i perceive thai food in america. thank you lotus of siam. o and their mangoes were out of this world."]
[2007, "season4"]	["I have to disagree with most reviews.  Lotus of Siam is a cult restaurant that definitely offers unique tastes but is not the best Thai in the country and may not even be the Thai in the Commercial Center.\n\nBy the way, although the Commercial Center is still an iffy place at night, a local business group has been trying to turn this around.\n\nSome reviewers must be judging this by their uniqueness.  I can understand if someone is jaded, they will find this an adventure but quite frankly its not that great.  Their duck curry is too sweet and their spicy sausage dish is way too acidic.  It appears to have flecks of ham in it instead of sausage but only the taste not description matters.\n\nI think that their abililty to pair wines with the food must account for some of their esteem by some food critics.  They do have a good selection and the husband of the chef is not bad at wine recommendations.  One of my friends in New York who was knocked on her heels by Michelin's star for Devi told me this is sometimes a factor.  \n\nHowever, there are at least 2 Thai restaurants in Vegas that I am sure most would find superior to LOS:  Pin Kaow and Archi with Komol not far behind.  Komol is in the same seedy center as LOS.  \n\nThis review is not based on their buffet which is not as bad as most reviews but a definite step below their regular menu.  I have eaten there 3 times, exhortations from visitors driven and have always been underwhelmed.  \n\nYes, their flavorings are unique but is it good?  Is it as good as some of the other Thais in Las Vegas.  I'm sorry but no it is not.", "I went here with a local who searches out off-the-strip experiences. Unlike many other reviewers, the strip mall milieu was unsurprising. Hey man, some of the best local eateries are tucked between a massage parlor and a wig shop. \n\nI'm not the biggest Thai food fan,  but I know what I like, and I LOVED this. Everything tasted incredible. We ordered the sum thom salad, which was generously vinegary, and a steaming bowl of tom khai coconut soup, level 7, which was a deeply revelatory experience to everyone at the table. Two of my party even declared pre-soup that they hate coconut-based concoctions, but after trying one spoonful they were ladling it out right fast. We found level 7 to be satisfyingly spicy without being bland. For an entree I ordered the pork panang curry, level 7. Delicious. Not the best in the world, and the pork was a little bland, but it was oddly comforting food. I would have preferred it a little spicier, but I suspect they think white ladies are lying when they ask for hot and spicy food. Girl I am not lying: I like my spicy! For drinks we ordered a flight of Riesling, which perfectly complemented the food. This is a must purchase for any spicy meal. \n\nLotus of Siam you are delicious. You left me content and full-bellied. I will be back!", "Some of my restaurant friends really love this place and would give it 5 stars. Though I do like this place and would recommend it, I still favor some of the Thai restaurants I've been to in San Francisco for a combination food and atmosphere.\n\nWith that being said, service here has always been good. The wine list is appropriate for the fare and the food in general is quite good. I had the lobster special once and was a little disappointed. Not that it wasn't good... but it just didn't stand out to me.\n\nAll of the currys here are very good. Try the roasted duck curry with pineapple if you're undecided.\n\nThe beef jerky, NUA DAD DEAW, is a little too dry but the try the satay as an appetizer.\n\nYou can't really go wrong here. It's just not romantic enough or divey enough to give me the rounded 5 star food and atmosphere rating.", "The Lotus is a hidden gem that some locals introduced us to - really, really yummy Thai food. It's location is refreshingly non flashy, the staff very friendly and the fact that it was completely booked on a Monday evening should tell you something. \n\nWith a group of around a dozen people we just scratched the $200 mark - and that included starters, entrees and a healthy amount of beer. Escape the casino madness, people!", "This is an awesome place for Thai food in Vegas. Took my team for dinner after a long few days of work/conference and we all loved it. Go here for good food, great service and a relaxed setting. This is not your fancy joint with exquisite cutlery etc. This is a place for simply awesome food. We had their Beer, Sake, Chicken Satay, Panang Curry, Pad Thai, Soup and a couple of other dishes. The food was great. The waiter asked us how hot we wanted and it was perfect. The services was good too. If you are in Vegas, and looking for a Thai place - you must try this.", "True to many previous reviews, this restaurant has the best Thai food I have ever had.  We ordered the crispy beef, roasted duck curry and drunken noodles, and all were excellent.  We are a sucker for authentic food and this was above and beyond - not only was it authentic, but very tasteful and highly \"gourmet\"", "Well, I'm Thai born and raised with a family that runs resturants in the DC and Bangkok area and this is by far the best food outside of Thailand.  I can't say it's the best in the country because I haven't eaten everywhere but out of San Francisco, DC, LA and NYC, this is top 3 on my list.  They serve northern and eastern regional cuisine as well as your more usual pad thai, pad see eew (what my chinese friends call chowfun :-).   You'd be making a mistake if you only come here for the buffet.  Order something from the menu, try something from the regional list cuz this might be the only place you'll every come across it.\n\nWarning:  You should order \"down\" in spiciness.  If you're use to eating medium at a 5 (with 10 being barely eatible by a Thai person), then you should get a 3.  A 5 here is NOT medium and you can always have them increase the spiciness if it's too mild but you can't go the other way.", "true story:\n\nlotus of siam recommended by fellow yelper jim c.\n\ncurries ranging from level 1 to 10 in spiciness.\n\nsomeone orders level 5, another orders level 10.\n\ni can't handle spicy food, but i brave this one and try the level 5 with a big spoonful of rice. 2 seconds of chewing and my mouth is doused with gasoline and set on fire. 15 seconds later, i get an instant nose bleed.\n\nthank god i didn't try the level 10.\n\ni'm sure everything else tasted lovely, it's just that my incinerated taste buds failed to work after the curry."]
[2008, "seaons3"]	["10 bucks for a horrible buffet in a grimy strip mall.  The irony is that the owner (according to articles on the wall) is responsible for Renu Korn in Norwalk, Ca, the best Thai place I've ever been to...", "Came here for the lunch buffet, and was very pleased. The buffet offered a choice of about 12 items and the place was very busy, ensuring fresh food for all. I recall a couple of curries, two or three noodle dishes and several entrees along with soup, spring rolls. As it was buffet, I didn't expect much service other than keeping my water glass full, and they managed that. \n\nAn excellent choice for a fast, inexpensive and delicious lunch.", "Considering that Gourmet magazine said it was the best Thai restaurant in North America, AND that Frommers highly recommended it, I expected a lot more. My boyfriend and I both had the wonton soup (excellent) and the chicken with cashew nuts. Personally, I've had much better at other Thai restaurants. \n\nIt's a run-down little place, but obviously plenty of people know about it. Autographed pictures with celebrities adorn the walls. Service is okay, but nothing exceptional. It was often hard to track down our server.", "I always hear people namedrop Lotus of Siam when talking about Vegas Thai food. For me, I love Komol in the same business plaza, Commercial Center. I finally decided to check it out. We unwittingly showed up like 15 minutes early. We waited in the car and there was a line forming outside the restaurant. I thought, Holy crap, maybe this is the Holy Grail of Thai food. In Vegas. \n\nThey had a buffet going on for lunch, but I wanted my first LOS experience to be a pure one. I copped a look at the buffet and it didn't look that great anyway. It looked kinda Chinese. \n\nThe menu was large and had clear descriptions (in FOBese) of the items. And although you can make a lot of Thai meat dishes vegetarian, they did not have a section of the menu specifically for vegetarians. Like Komol. \n\nTo start, we ordered the famous tom kah kai soup. It was really good, but really fattening, I think all it is is coconut milk, chili oil, and maybe chicken broth with bland chunks of chicken, straw mushroom, and cilantro (?). But I could sit there and drink the broth all day. You can get a cup, bowl, or hot pot. I think my cup was $4. \n\nWe tried the panang just because I needed to compare and contrast to neighboring Komol's killer panang. I always get the tofu panang because I'm a part-time vegetarian (fair weather, really). LOS's panang was just like red curry. I don't know what's closer to original recipe, LOS or Komol's, but Komol's just tastes better. Its really robust and hearty. LOS's was really smooth and wussy. It just slipped off the tofu. \n\nWe also got the steamed mussels. They steam it in fish sauce and basil leaves and give you a green chili lime dipping sauce which has even more fish sauce and is deceptively spicy. Just because it ain't red, don't mean it ain't spicy. It was really fishy. And the sauce was way too hot for me consume.\n\nWe got the sweet sticky rice dessert, which I think is normally supposed to come with mango, but they were 86 for the day. The dessert was good. Standard stuff. But the coconut milk was really thick and they garnished the rice with a crispy topping, like baked rice or something. That gave the texture a nice variation. \n\nSorry, I don't have a cost breakdown of all the items, but for the two of us three entrees, two sticky rice, two drinks, and dessert, and some leftovers, our total bill was $53 before tip. Not bad, I guess. Holy crap, we did eat a lot ... Our entrees ranged $8-15. \n\nThe restaurant has a homey kind of ambiance. The ceiling is low and the walls are decorated with Thai things and pictures of the proprietress (I'm guessing) and guests. I like the way the restaurant is sectioned. It keeps the noise down. \n\nBy the time we were done with our meal, the restaurant was packed and the buffet was wrecked. \n\nI appreciate this place. Their menu is impressive, the food and service was good, it was clean, and prices were decent, but I'd pick Komol over Lotus of Siam. Komol hits the same points, but their panang is better. Haha. \n\nI think I'll come to like it more when I find the super great items on the menu.\n\n(To date, Lotus of Siam has 120+ reviews and Komol has 7.) \n\n* off the strip, non-casino", "I knew that I had to venture off the strip for one meal during my week in Vegas, and I knew exactly where that meal was going to be. So, after work on a Thursday, I hailed a cab and told him to rush me to Lotus of Siam. I told my server about my peanut allergy and told him to pick me out an appetizer and an entr\u00e9e that would represent the best the restaurant had to offer. To start, I had prawns that were wrapped in bacon, fried (in what tasted almost like egg roll batter), and served with sweet and sour sauce. Meaty and full of flavor, I would definitely order them again. For my main course, I had the drunken noodles with sea bass--and oh my gawd, that stuff was incredible. The fish was lightly fried and crispy on the edges, but velvety smooth on the inside. The noodles were tender and intensely flavorful, especially when paired with the peppers and basil leaves that accompanied them. I asked for the dish medium spicy, and it was the perfect amount of heat--it challenged my palate, but it didn't obscure the wonderful flavor of the delicate fish. After all of that food and two Singha beers (I had forgotten how good they were), I was as full as I've been in a while. But any stomach stretching was 110% worth it, as Lotus of Siam was the highlight of my Las Vegas dining.", "I should have came here on an empty stomach in order to enjoy it better. Stupid me decides to eat at 4pm at a buffet, no less. Ugh. \n\nWe ordered a tofu pad thai, freshly fried catfish {#64}, jackfruit curry with chicken, panang curry with shrimp and a bowl of rice. \n\nThe servings are quite small. We were able to get by since a bunch of us were still quite full from our lunch earlier in the day. But, if we were ravishing starving, I hardly think an order of each, sans the fried catfish would be enough for us. \n\nThe pad thai looked different from the normal pad thai I'm used to eating. They use a thinner clearer noodle and a darker sauce. It looked like it was severely stirred fried. Still had the pad thai taste and I enjoyed it very much. Just wished that there was much more of it. This was the tiniest of the entree's. \n\nThe star of the show was our fried catfish. It was huge! We got several beady eye looks once it arrived to our table. Besides the great appearance, it didn't disappoint! It was fresh, meaty, and crispy to perfection! \n\nThe service in the beginning was a bit slow, but once we ordered, it got better. They had a person dedicated to just refilling water and he was dam good at it, too! Never did we have an empty glass. \n\nI would definitely return to this Thai establishment. Would I call it THE BEST? Eh... perhaps not. I have to say that their food is fresh; doesn't taste as though it's been sitting all day in the kitchen like most Thai restaurants.", "I wasn't as wowed this time around because I knew what I'd be in for, but OMFG!  I can't get enough of this place.  I'm definitely a fan.\n\nI tried a few of new dishes, based on fellow Yelpers, hoping to rant about them, as they did: the spicy chicken wings, the crispy duck in panang, and the beef jerky.  The spicy chicken wings are dripping and delicious.  The duck was good, but we thought that the short ribs in panang (from our last visit) was better.  The jerky was reminiscent of Filipino tapa, but less tangy.\n\nAgain, we had the garlic prawns.  Wow!  You can put them damn things in the freezer and bake them the next day to the same yummy goodness.  This time the seabass on drunken noodle was good, but the fish was as crisp and juicy as our first endevour.  \n\nI do have to note that we did \"take out\" this time around.  I don't know if that made a difference on the quality.  They gave us a 40 minute wait time.  We got there at exactly 40 mins, but it took them another 10 minutes to complete our order, once we arrived.", "I've been there 2x now, so I feel comfortable writing a review. The first time I was unimpressed, but we walked in not knowing what to order and I think ordering the right things makes the difference!\n\nHere's my review by dish, and btw I'm likely screwing up the names of the dishes, so apologies in advance: \n\nWine list: awesome! The selection of german whites is incredible\n\nstuffed chicken wings: ehhh... small portion, dry, and we didn't find them all that. \nShrimp wrapped in bacon deep fried.. duh, this dish was awesome. very un-thai, but they do make their own dipping sauce, and overall we really loved it. \nTum yum ghai .. horribly mispelled, but I'm referring to the coconut soup. This one is spicier and different than any other I've had. I'm sure their's is more authentic, but I kinda like the sweeter ones I\"m used to.. I know that's just me. \nOne of the charbroiled beef dishes.. chewy, not good. it was only 8.95, so it seemed like a good value.. but it was boring and the beef preparation sucked. \nPad Thai.. I wasn't blown away. I've eaten a lot of pad thai in my day and this one just seemed average. \nSea bass with drunken noodles.. mmmm very yummy. Great texture and noodles were slightly spicy. \nThe first pork dish on the northern menu.. MEH, not that exciting and spices used to flavor it were odd and didn't \"work\"\n\nLast but not least.. CRISPY DUCK preparation A. AMAZING! This is why I will be back very soon.. I have cravings for this dish! It is $20, but it's well worth it. My favorite dish I've tried there by far. I went with a group of 3, and that was the only dish we were honestly fighting over.", "If you're looking to entertain a client at a snooty Thai restaurant in Vegas, this is not the place.  It's not on the strip -- it's in a strip mall.  However, I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for excellent (albeit spicy) food and a casual dinner.  We had a fantastic order of spicy mixed seafood that was debatably on a 2' x 2' plate -- but we almost lost a coworker to a rogue hot pepper while attempting to finish it.", "Is there anything one can say about Lotus of Siam that hasn't already been said?  Is there anything one can add?\n\nI doubt it.\n\nSo why add another review of LoS to yelp?  Because this is the best Thai restaurant in the United States.  Period.\n\nYes, it's in a rundown strip mall in a seedy part of town.  Yes, some cab drivers look at you twice before shifting out of park if you give them the address , but they do visibly relax when they hear you talking and mention the name of the restaurant. \n\nI've had dinner here at least half a dozen times and I have yet to be disappointed in anything we've ordered. The worst dish I've had here has been \"good\"; and the best have been sublime -- a taste so delightful, your taste buds have an orgasm and you see God at the same time . . . \n\nAnd no Thai restaurant I've ever been to has a wine list that even comes close to LoS.  It is spectacular!  And it's affordable.\n\nIn a word:  \"fantastic.\"  \n\nIn six words, \"I cannot wait to go back.\"", "Just a friendly note to add one more dish I tried to my review. We had the garlic prawns last time we were there. At $20 they aren't cheap, but they were divine! You can even eat the shell.. it was like soft shell crab meets prawns or something.", "Lotus of Siam is a stunning surprise in a city built on either shockingly cheap or shockingly expensive.  Lotus is very good with reasonable prices.  Located in a very random strip mall and (according to our cab driver) dangerous neighborhood, Lotus is a great surprise for out-of-town visitors.  \n\nWhile the reputation of this restaurant precedes it, we were pleasantly surprised.  The food is not fancy but when exiting customers report that it's \"worth the wait\" to those waiting in 104 degree heat, you know you're know you're spending time well worth waiting.  Upon seating, we noted the myriad of photographs of famous (and mysterious) patrons who have eaten at Lotus.  \n\nFrom the San Francisco Bay Area, where Thai restaurants are found on every corner, I found Lotus to capture traditional flavors, especially in the Crispy Rice appetizer and the large shrimp fried in their shells (which was amazing).  Aside from the scorching summer heat, the level of spiciness in the dishes can KO the novice.  The Thai pepper \"salsa\" is only for those with asbestos mouths--don't think that cucumber and carrots will save you, they won't.  It was too hot even for our guide who had been there weekly for over nine months.  \n\nOverall, the meal was exciting.  I look forward going back to Las Vegas to so I may return to Lotus.", "My husband and I love Thai food, but we did not love Lotus of Siam.  \nThe waiter was nice - until he realized that we weren't ordering wine.  After that he only came by to take our order and drop off the food. We had to ask for refills on the water, and they waiter didn't even ask if we wanted dessert.  The party next to us ordered tons of alcohol, and maybe that was the reason for such poor service.\nMy husband loves Tod Mun, but said this was the worst he had ever tasted. The portions were also small, especially for the prices they were charging.  We had a curry dish that we asked to be spicy, but it was just bland.  We also tried a couple other unmemborable dishes.  What a disappointment.  \nThat aside, the lunch buffet sounds better, and maybe we should have tried that first.", "One of the people I was rollin' with said he'd been told of a fantastic Thai place, and since no one in my group had an idea of where else to go for dinner, we went to Lotus of Siam.  I hadn't known what the name of the place was, and got excited when I saw a Thai vegetarian place in the same strip mall, but no.\n\nWaited a while, with the employees not freaking about my friend's skull makeup and a male friend wearing short shorts, and were seated.  Not so much available for the vegetarians, and a lot of Thai places will specifically have a menu section for us herbivores, but not here.  Ended up picking yellow curry and some dish with flat noodles and fried tofu.\n\nThe curry was very very mild, and I'd wanted mild, but jeez.  You could've fed that to a baby.  Still good, though.  The noodles were great: tons of tofu, which wasn't in those chewy fried triangles you get so many places, and lots of crunchy fried garlic bits to accentuate everything.  My friends enjoyed their various dishes; one friend generally hates Thai food other than tom yum soup, but she liked that and the other stuff they got (fish, beef-stuffed drumsticks, and gross fried shrimp with their legs still on).\n\nI'd go back, but I wouldn't suggest it, only because my choices were so limited.", "Other than the wait, I thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. They have my favorite panang curry to date. They also don't joke about spice. I usually order a 7 at most places to compensate for the lack of heat, but the certainly deliver so be cautious.\n\nMake a reservation. Don't be in a hurry. This place is legit. :)", "Probably one of the best thai restaurant in the country.\nINCREDIBLE wine list with a lot of bargains. \nExtensive menu that covers many regions of Thailand. Friendly service. I make sure to go each time I am in Vegas. I love this restaurant", "Some friends are in town for a convention and they ask me to redeem myself by picking a good place to eat for dinner. GOOD they emphasized. (Note: See my previous post about the Bellagio Buffet) Oh, and they wanted someplace off the strip thats not a chain restaurant. Oh boy. Fun!\n\nI log onto Yelp to check out some options. Immediately I see my HUGE A$$ Pancake picture and suggest Hash House A Go Go. Its pretty tasty there. I was then told that someone in the group didnt want to see humongous portions anymore. Huh? What? Really? I dont think I've ever heard that before.\n\nSo I go on searching for the perfect place and there it was... Staring blatantly at me right smack dab on the front page. No other than the Review of the Day! The place? Lotus of Siam! Voted the Best Thai food in America by Gourmet Magazine has to mean something... right?\n\nI jump on my cell and immediately call the restaurant. I know they are always packed and require a day in advance reservations. The nice gentleman on the phone tells me that they are allowing walk ins tonight and its a first come first served basis. I figure for a Wednesday night, it cant be that busy.... Can it? \n\nMy friends leave from the Venetian and I leave from my house. I get a call about 10 minutes later.\n\n\"Leo, are you sure its Lotus of Siam?\"\n\"Yes, why?\"\n\"Its not in the nicest of areas. Its in a strip mall and its surrounded by \"massage parlors\" and such. Is it really that good?\"\n\nFeeling like they were in an episode of Punk'd, I assured them that the food is outstanding. I also jokingly told them not to leave any valuables in the car and to keep a close eye on their purse/pockets. Of course you know there's always a little truth in every joke.\n\nSo I pull up around 7:30 and notice a few parties waiting outside the door. I see my friends and they said we're 4th on the list. Not to bad I guess. We wait a good 30 minutes and finally get seated. A couple that had been waiting there before us snickered at us since we got seated before them. I guess I would feel the same way too after smelling all that yummy food.\n\nLets get to the important stuff. THE FOOD!\n\nGARLIC CHICKEN WINGS. Oh my God. This is delicious. Light crispy skin with honey garlic spicy sauce. Wow. This dish was good. You get about 7-8 wings per order.\n\nNAM KAO TOD - The crispy rice and sour sausage dish was very very tasty. Lots of flavors attacking the pallet at the same time. We got a medium spicy and we felt it. The spiciness was gradually getting hotter and hotter with each bite. If you only took one bite, you'd be fine. But seriously, how can you stop after only one bite?\n\nTOM YUM KUNG - Hot and sour with shrimp, lime juice, lemon grass, and straw mushroom. Tasty but I dont think I would order this again with so many other soup choices on the menu.\n\nGARLIC PRAWN - Amazing. The skin was soooo crispy, you could eat the prawn whole with skin and everything. One friend kept on eating just the skin! The prawns were huge. Normally, the medium size shrimp go about 40/45 pieces per pound. I bet these would be like 20 pieces a pound.\n\nCRISPY DUCK with PANANG - I think this was the best dish of the night. Wow. The duck skin was definitely crispy. There were good chunks of meat under the skin as well. Definitely more than I expected. And that alone is mouth watering, but then add the Panang (Curry) and it was perfect. I would definitely without a doubt order this again.\n\nSEA BASS OVER DRUNKEN NOODLES - The sea bass filets were seared just right and the thick (chow fun) noodles underneath were scrumptious as well. I was delightfully surprised about the large serving size.\n\nAll this food with some Thai Iced Teas and we were happy campers. Needless to say, I redeemed myself with a good pick and the party definitely had a good meal. This morning when I arrived at work, I found myself telling all my coworkers about Lotus of Siam and how AWESOME the food is. I guess I really liked it. Anyone coming to Vegas has to check this place out. And most importantly... DONT FORGET TO INVITE ME!\n\nI hear the lunch buffet is not very good. Definitely go for dinner... and make reservations!", "Supposed to be the best Thai food in America.  Pretty big title to live up to.  \n\nLocated in a strip mall, a little off the beaten path, but well worth the venture.\n\nExcellent food.  Try not to eat a pepper and if you do, have a glass of milk handy to help tame down the burn sensation.  \n\nThe coconut soup was by far the best I ever had.  I wish I could have some now.  \n\nIf you get the chance, please check this place out.  Your going to luv it!", "The best Thai food that I've ever experienced!  The atmosphere isn't the best, but the amazingly fresh, tasty food and good service make the place.  They are criminally busy, so unless you're willing to wait for over an hour (which I have), make a reservation.  However, they do not take same day reservations, so you need to think ahead. The Tom Kah Kai and Nam Kao Tod are religious experiences.  Every dish I've ordered, from the Drunken Noodles Seafood, to the Pad Thai to the Panang Thai Curry, has been wonderful!  I can't wait to go back and try something new.", "The exterior, even the interior or service, bared no reflection on the food.  \n\nthe area:\nTrue, this place may be found on a random, yet huge arcade of karaoke bars and massage parlors on a dodgier part of Las Vegas.  As we exited the car, I laughed as I jokingly tell my boyfriend, \"So, his must be where all those Asian high-rollers must come to get this stink on when they come to Vegas.\"  \n\nthe interior decor:\nThe decor is eclectically, tacky and you walk in thinking to yourself, \"Really?  Well, ok.\"  Like any well-rated sort of hole-in-the-wall, the walls bare their great reviews and photos of celebs that have ventured into it's realm.  And, the washrooms can use some bleach and ammonia or proper ventilation.\n\nthe reservation process:\nYou can call and make a reservation.  I didn't know what it would be like for a Saturday night, so I called ahead.  I had reservations for two at 7:30.  For a night when I thought it would be crowded, the place was partially full and had a moderate turnover for the time that we were there.\n\nthe service:\nThe service was awful!!   It seemed like forever to get my water, after the hostess sat us the busboy approached after 5mins. with water and asking for our beverage order.  It took another 10mins. for the waiter to notice that we ready to order.  We were actually ready when the busboy came, but the waiters just kept on passing by looking like they were on a mission for something else.  Then, after 25-30mins. our food FINALLY arrived.  They didn't seem short staffed; there were plenty of them walking around.  I just don't think that it was as streamlined as it could have been.  Each person had a job and could only do that job.  Good thing I don't rate on that.\n\nthe food:\nSo, with all the negative things I've said of this place, I can't knock on the food.  Wow!  wow!  Truly amazing, succulent, flavorful entrees.  Wow!  For two people, we ordered way too much.  But, I couldn't have been more happy with our choices.  Three of the four, we picked off the Chef's Specials.  On this page, dishes run at around $20 per, with the snapper at $40.  Most other dishes in the menu run at $10 or less.  The one that we ordered in the $10 range was ok, but not divine.  Again, everything we ordered on that page was perfect!  \n\n - drunken noodle seabass\ngood flavor (slightly oily) on the noodles, bass cooked/crisp to perfection\n - curry short rib\ntender, curry had good spices (warning: heavy coconut milk)\n - the garlic prawns\nso good you could even eat the shell... and big too!\n\nLast Words: Perhaps, THEE BEST THAI FOOD I'VE EVER HAD!\nI highly recommend options off the Chef's Special.  They're twice as much, but worth every penny.  ...Just leave the calorie counter at home.  Haha.", "There are plenty of reviews of Lotus of Siam, thanks to consistent buzz amongst locals, tourists, and food magazines. Know going in that you can't just waltz in, pick something off the menu and expect to be stunned. Their menu is extensive and contains most of the standard Thai dishes, most of which are pretty average. But if you know what to order you can have an amazing experience. They feature a lot of Northern Thai dishes which are unique to most Westerners, many of which are pretty mind-blowing. When in doubt, ask your waiter -- the staff knows what's popular. I've been here around 20 times in the past year, and here are my favorites, more or less in order of awesomeness:\n\n1) Spicy chicken wings (appetizer)\n2) Special crispy duck curry with Panang sauce\n3) Drunken noodles with Sea Bass\n4) Fish cakes (appetizer)\n5) Crying Tiger Beef (basically just tender grilled beef steak with a good sauce)\n6) Thai beef jerky (appetizer)\n\nStick with those, especially the first 4, and you'll be happy.", "We went for the first time to try the infamous lunch buffet. The buffet was small, but everything on it tasted homemade and delicious. We eat at a lot of buffets, and normally the small ones end up being a waste. This was not! The service was a little slow, and it wasn't very crowded, so both of those things surprised us. The curry chicken they had on the buffet made up for most of it, and the most interesting and unique tasting hot and sour soup we have ever had. Each spoonful had a different and complex flavor. We tried to figure out what all was in it that wasn't obvious, but couldn't. We would like to come back and try ordering off the menu for dinner.", "We've been here twice.  The food is always good & the service slow.\nI just don't know if it' s the best in the country, but I don't have many other comps...\n\nI do love the shopping center that it is in.   So many random spots to explore.\n\nOh & fantastic Rieslings!", "Well it's not the fanciest spot in Vegas. It's off the strip in a strip mall. The strip mall looked pretty interesting. Lots of Korean restaurants, a saloon, travel agency, billiards and karaoke. \n\nAnyway, this place is supposed to be pretty famous I guess...saw lots of celeb pics on wall and voted best Thai food in America or something. I had the lunch buffet which was only $8.99. Not a bad deal for unlimited pad thai, chicken curry, eggrolls, sauteed veggies, couple different soups, fruits, etc, etc. Honestly though, I wouldn't call it the best Thai food I've had. I think L.A. has a lot of good places already. I'm spoiled with all the great restaurants in L.A. But ya know...the service was pleasant here and it was kinda nice eating at a restaurant off the strip...away from all the chaos. Maybe I'll try something on the regular menu next time.", "\"The single best Thai restaurant in North America\"? Well, that's a lot to live up to, Jonathan Gold of Gourmet Magazine. I thought it was pretty good but nothing mind-blowing. \n\nThe shopping center this is in was more memorable than the food. It was ridiculously RIDICULOUSLY big and full of really random strip mall retail oddities. Lotus of Siam was the gem of the center. There were a few run down restaurants but mostly really random businesses.", "my b/f took me here for lunch one day.  i'd never been before.  i love Thai food, and after reading all of the reviews on the wall, i couldn't wait to eat.  \n\nfortunately, we deviated from the standard buffet menu.  the buffet looked boring--like Thai/pan-Asian 101 for clueless americans.  we both ordered from the Northern Thai specialty menu in the very back of the menu.  \n\nFOOD--beef jerky: yummy.  i have no idea how they make it so moist!  i probably don't want to know... i think another reviewer said it was deep fried?  but it's good.  nothing as phenomenal as the pork dish described below, but still an experience in taste and texture.  \n\nFOOD--fish cakes: i guess they're ok.  my b/f LOVES them, says they're better than any he's ever had.  as for me, it's food so i'll eat it but nothing to write home about.  \n\nFOOD--Jack Fruit with Chicken: i'm not a huge pork eater, and i'm always a little suspicious of eating seafood in the middle of the desert.  could be just coast snobbery, but i just don't think seafood can be nearly as good a couple hundred miles from the sea.  anyway, i ordered the jack fruit with chicken dish.  i would have really liked the dish except i ordered it too spicy!  i said medium, but it was pretty darn hot.  even my b/f, who LOVES spicy food (he was in Thailand and even the Thais were impressed with the amount of hot peppers he consumed) thought it was pretty spicy.  not initially, but it crept up on you.  maybe b/c i'm asian they thought i meant medium Thai, not medium american.  \n\nFOOD--Northern Thailand dry pork: my b/f ordered this dish 10 spicy.  even with the amount of heat, i tried a tiny, tiny bit of pork and i was blown away.   i don't mind heat so much as long as there is still flavor to the dish, and boy was this dish flavorful!!!!  omg, the tiny bit i tasted was phenomenal!!!  there was a warm, heady, complex spicy flavor that, had it not been 10 spicy, i would have devoured--even though i'm not a huge pork fan.  \n\nwe were unfortunately too full for dessert--i really wanted to try the mango and sticky rice.  next time, though, i will get my dessert.  \n\nSERVICE: i thought the service was really quite excellent.  my water glass was always full--thank goodness!!!  and all of the staff made sure my b/f always had a full glass of diet coke.  he must have had 5 diet cokes while we were there--no joke.  he needed it, the food was really hot!  we were there over lunch, so while everyone else was going for the buffet, we were getting great treatment.  maybe it's different at dinner.  \n\noh, and the wait was reasonable.  i think we waited 15-20 minutes?  \n\nDECOR: who the hell cares???  the food is amazing!  actually, i kind of like hole-in-the-wall places, especially in vegas where everything is so manufactured and shiny.  i feel more like i've discovered a little gem than when i'm in a fancy restaurant.  and the past few times we've gone to the fancy places, i haven't been so impressed with the food.  and i didn't think the decor is so bad.  not \"romantic\" by any means, but what kind of person would you rather date???  someone who cares only about external appearances, or someone who appreciates the quality on the inside???  \n\nNEIGHBORHOOD: i was only there for lunch, but i've been near there at night before and have never felt unsafe.  then again, i lived in new york for three years and used to walk the streets of paris at 3am.  maybe i'm too blase about the vegas \"ghetto\" to feel unsafe.  \n\nall in all, be adventurous and either ask the waitstaff for a recommendation or go out on your own.  you won't be disappointed... unless you get the buffet.  honestly, just how amazing beyond words can green curry really be???  you can get standard Thai anywhere.  if you're going to go here, you might as well get something you can't get anywhere else (outside of Thailand)."]
[2008, "season1"]	["Definently worth a stop off the strip to get this very delicious Thai food.  I mean good food at reasonable prices, unheard of in Las Vegas nowadays.  We enjoyed everything that we ordered (Mussamun Chicken Curry, Pad Thai, Pad Prik Khing, and Panang Curry).  We also had a few of the appetizers (one of them has crispy rice in it and it had really great texture and was spicy and a little sour and salty all in one!)  I will be back next time I'm in Vegas!", "Everyone who frequents restaurants has what I like to call a \"benchmark\" dish.  At an Italian spot it might be Pizza Margherita or Veal Parmigiana, For French food it might be Moules Frites or the Torchon of Foie Gras.  It's the dish that, if prepared properly, signals that the cuisine is up to par.  When trying to ascertain whether the full range of offerings is worth exploring it must first be determined that the kitchen can get the basics right.\n\nMy benchmark dish for any Thai restaurant is Tom Kha Kai, a magical combination of chicken, chicken broth, coconut cream, galanga, fish sauce, mushrooms, lime juice, and chili oil.  Ingredients may vary from spot to spot, as they often will, but the overall composition is pretty consistent.  The rub, as I have experienced it, is in getting the balance right.  Some places have too much coconut cream, others offer just a hint of chili oil (or omit it completely.)  I've had it with all kinds of mushrooms, and sometimes with huge chunks of galanga, and sometimes with none at all.  For one as obsessed as I, it grows a little tiresome.\n\nI have had Tom Kha Kai at countless restaurants in the Southland, and am still looking for one that is as perfectly put together as what they serve at Lotus of Siam, the celebrated industrial park oddity way off the strip in Las Vegas.  Everything is in perfect balance and when I that first spoonful slides down my gullet I almost tear up a little.  Seriously.  It's just that feeling one encounters when something is SO right.. there's a magic to it.\n\nThe rest of the menu can be a little hit-or-miss, as others have noted.  But there is so much on the menu that is off-the-charts terrific that it hardly seems to merit de-starring.\n\nSo five stars for the crispy duck with spicy mint leaves.  Five stars for the Nam Kao Todd, crispy rice with minced sour sausage.  Five stars for the spicy beef salad.  So what if the Panag curry is a little lifeless?  There is certainly no shortage of items on this menu that make my head spin with delight.\n\nAnd no, the decor is nothing to write home about.  I couldn't care less because the service is always so friendly and accommodating.  My blinders go on at Lotus and when I have an array of tasty treats in front of me I can't even SEE the decor.  Love really is blind, I guess.\n\nAnd eleventy-billion stars for the wine list.  Jeez LOUISE the wine list.  Nothing, NOTHING goes better with spicy Thai cuisine than a cold bottle of Reisling and Lotus of Siam has scads of them.  Rare and highly rated selections at rock-bottom prices.  Donhoff.  J.J. Prum.  Zind-Humbrecht.  All the heavy hitters are represented, and there are plenty of Goldkapsels at near-release prices. Achtung! A perfect match for every dish can be found here along with a staff that can guide you through the polysyllabic minefield that one encounters with all things Germanic.\n\nStay away from the buffet.  Make a point of ordering some Northern dishes.  ABSOLUTELY order a bowl of the Tom Kha.  When visiting at night be sure to make a reservation and DEFINITELY arrange with your cab driver to pick you up after your meal because the parking lot gets a little bit sketchy after dark.  But for me, no trip to Vegas is complete without a visit to Lotus.  It's a can't-miss.", "Get off the strip.\nGet in a cab.\nGo to Lotus of Siam.  Expect to have really bad customer service when you first arrive. They won't even acknowledge you until they are ready to see you as a customer. Once that happens.... the switch gets turned and you are their best friend.... the service is good, the food is great. Gourmet magazine said it was the best Thai in North America. That's a pretty high bar to set for a restaurant in one of the sleaziest neighborhoods in NV. The cab driver told us  how dangerous the area is... remincing about who was shot where... ah... the good times... \nAnyway...Seriously... Worth a trip to Las Vegas just for this place. Yum.", "Granted, I've only been to two Thai restaurants in my life.  Compared to the other restaurant I went to, this is, in fact, not the best Thai food in the United States, nor even in Las Vegas.  Going by taste alone, I enjoyed my dinner, but having ordered the exact same thing elsewhere, it did not match up.  It should not matter what menu I order from, if something is served on the menu from a restaurant touted as the best in the United States, I shouldn't have to limit myself to a particular item or set of items to taste this quality.\n\nThe location, as others have mentioned, is absolutely horrible.  Off the strip on Sahara, it's hidden away in an area that makes me feel uncomfortable every time I go there.  The interior was nothing special and did not stand out to me...seemed quite unauthentic, way to strip-mallish, but alas I've never been to Thailand, I would not know what is truly authentic.  We happened to sit nearby a group who met with the owners, who both seemed nice but Bill was quite dressed down for whatever he was doing that evening (sweatshirt and sweatpants...not quite what I was expecting).  Like I've mentioned in other reviews, appearance and first impressions mean a lot when you eat out...much of the reason why many never come back.\n\nTo have to put so much into going here (reservations a week in advance or waiting a few hours if you come unannounced, I was expecting more.  The reviews here were for the most part spot on, but to each their own I suppose.  I came with high expectations and left wishing I'd never came.", "I always make it a point to stop by here on my Vegas trips. Such awesome Thai food, although the service has usually sucked. Pineapple fried rice is awesomeness!", "I found this restaurant on yelp, and when I read that this was 'the best Thai restaurant in the country\" I had to stop by on my recent trip to Vegas.  My bf and I were pretty excited to check this place out and took a $15 cab ride to this whole in the wall for lunch.  Between the two of us, we had \n\n1) Koong Sarong (deep fried prawns wrapped in bacon and rice paper)\n\n2) Nam Kao Tod (Minced sour sausage mixed with green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, crispy rice and lime juice)\n\n3) Yellow Curry Chicken\n\n4)  Pad Sw-Ew Chicken (Stir-fried flat rice noodle with egg and Chinese broccoli with black soy sauce).\n\nOf the 4 dishes, my favorites were probably the yellow curry and the prawns.  As for the other two dishes, I kinda had high expectations for them because they're one of my favorite Thai dishes.  Unfortunately, my expectations weren't met.  The food here is good, just not good enough to be considered 'the best' based on what i've ordered.  Pad sw-ew is like a thai staple for me, just like pad thai for some other people, and it didn't surpass my standards  for this dish.  I'd have to say that King of Thai in San Francisco is still my favorite.", "I have a cousin from San Francisco who comes out to Vegas JUST TO EAT HERE. Every time I tell him I'm off to Vegas, he tells me to go eat here, and I don't and this time, I listened. We went. We devoured. We were VERY satisfied.\n\nThe food is amazing. Best Thai ever.  I don't get it, the mixture of flavors is unbelievable. Slightly more expensive than we expected it to be - probably because I didn't take a look at the prices (oops).  Never the less, it was so worth it.  AWESOME dishes: Drunken chilean sea bass, some appetizer with rice crispies (kom kao tod or something), def get a combo of the coconut ice cream, sticky rice and mango for dessert, crab fried rice, and the garlic charbroiled beef. It's in a random strip mall and a little out of the way but the restaurant has a nice list of taxi companies for you to call when you're heading back to the LV strip.", "I remember visiting Lotus of Siam in my pre-Yelp days.  I read all the (Zagat) hype, heard all the praise, and, on more than one occasion, mentioned the reviews of it being the \"Best Thai in North America.\"\n\nAll in all, it ended up being a huge letdown and I was embarrassed at bringing a large party of 8 to this restaurant and making reservations one month in advance.  \n\n1) Location - Lotus of Siam is located in the middle of a strip mall and it isn't an easy location for most cabs to find.  The neighborhood is questionable and in the evenings is probably not the safest locale.\n\n2) Decor - reflective of its strip mall location, the interior is nothing special.  There are, however, typical Thai touches (flowers and statues) and plenty of newspaper articles touting it's reputation as a great Thai restaurant.\n\n3) Food - While many reviews talk about the amazing flavors and the incredible tastes, I found everything to be absolutely average.  Given the high expectations, I was obviously disappointed, but even without those expectations, I'd be hard pressed to even call the food good.  All the dishes chosen were \"signature\" dishes recommended by our waiter and each failed to impress.\n\nWith every bite I took, I just wondered how the heck the Gourmet magazine food review could be so off and what kool-aid all the reviewers were drinking.  Even now, I can think of a dozen Thai restaurants better than Lotus of Siam and probably only one or two that I've considered worse.  \n\nIn the end, as I waited 45 minutes for a cab to pick up our group from the seedy strip mall location, I figured it all must be a tourist trap.  One  stellar review must have spawned the rest or maybe, none of the people who were gushing over Lotus had ever been to a Thai restaurant.  \n\nFor the Las Vegas that is home  to the $4.99 Steak and Egg breakfast and the 24 hour buffet, Lotus of Siam may be a revolutionary restaurant.  But for North America??  Lotus of Siam falls amazingly flat.", "In trips to Vegas, I've been fortunate enough to do the sixteen-course degustation at Joel Robuchon, dinners at places such as Picasso, Alex, Nobu, L'Atelier, Wing Lei, SW, etc.\n\nYet, the most delicious meal I've ever had in Vegas was at Lotus of Siam.\n\nFirst thing to know: this is really three restaurants in one.\n\n#1, there's a lunch buffet where rubes come in and pay $7.50 to eat potstickers and egg rolls.  Pretend this doesn't exist.\n\n#2, there's a normal Thai menu with stuff like phad thai and panang curry.  While this stuff is good, it's not unlike what you might eat at a good Thai restaurant in Seattle or San Francisco or New York.\n\n#3, there's a section of the menu with Northern Thai dishes and Chef's Special dishes.  This is the heart of the menu and what makes foodies cry with delight.  If you're coming all the way here (and it's a long walk from the middle of the strip), you must order off of these sections of the menu.\n\nWe've been here several times.  Most recently, we had the dry sausage, a green curry dip, and finally the special Beef Stew with peppercorn sauce (option A I think.)\n\nWhile all of these are highly recommended, the beef stew was one of the most delicious things I've ever had.  The meat was absolutely fork tender, flavored with aromatic and perfectly balanced Thai spices--the right mix of sweet and spicy and pungent.  Just amazing.  Totally beyond the flavors and textures you expect.\n\nThey grow a lot of their own herbs and spices because they're not available outside of Thailand.  As a result, you'll taste flavors and combinations you've probably not had before.\n\nAgain, order off of the Northern Thai or Chef's menus.  And prepare to be amazed.", "Its not far from the strip, and its location (in a seedy strip mall!)  is confusing, given that it is considered one of the best Thai restaurants in the US. Make sure to make a reservation well in advance, as I tried to do a walk in, and was told I would have to wait an hour, and as I glanced at their appointment book, I notied that they had many many reservations for up to a week in advance. Note that they do not take reservations for lunch. \n\nThere were tons and tons of non-Asians here, (more non-Asian than Asian), so you can be sure that if you bring non-Asian friends here that chances are they will love the food as much as you do and that the food is appealing to them as well \n\ndue to scheduling conflicts, I wasn't able to dine here for dinner, but lunch, which offers the option between ordering from the menu and the buffet. My party was starved so we opted for the buffet. It was great - they had pad thai, friend rice, two different soups, egg rolls, fried banana, fruit, salad, some other thing sI don't quite remember - it was a pretty small buffet though. I really enjoyed it. My In laws enjoyed it immensely as well. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definetely visiting them for dinner!", "Lotus of Siam recommends folks make reservations for dinner, and I couldn't agree more. The place gets a healthy crowd, so reserve as soon as you decide to go. Dress is casual, though I saw a table of women ready to go clubbing all glammed up.\n\nTheir unassuming interior won't \"wow\" you (but you may notice the strong smell of Thai spices permeating the dining room). While you may not be shocked by the decor, the food WILL grab your attention. All of our appetizers and entrees were tasty and of a consistent quality. If we requested our dishes to be spicy, they came out spicy.\n\nShared many dishes (which explains why I don't have much detail for some of them) and dined family style:\n- koong sarong (prawn in a blanket; $11) - wish we had more!\n- moo dad deaw (deep fried marinated pork jerky; $8) - yum\n- mussels - spicy and scrumptious\n- salad with ginger, ground beef ($8) - I think it was the tod mun plar\n- sour soup (served in its own cooker) (probably more than $10)\n- calamari salad (not bad!)\n- green curry (tasty, not overtly spicy)\n- something that looked like an omelette\n- a noodle dish that was drunken noodle-esque\n\nLotus of Siam was recommended by many folks, local and otherwise. They aren't the best Thai restaurant in the US, as claimed, but it sure comes close. If you can live with average service (our first waitress seemed a little curt, but the rest were fine) and focus on their outstanding food, you'll find yourself a winner!", "Not a particularly magical place as it's got bad 80's diner decor. As the food goes, it's pretty good...but overrated. The ricekrispy-sausage bit thing for an appetizer, a northern thai dish with jackfruit and dried sliced fish, and then the sea-bass, steamed with red chili. A lime juice and a singha beer. Sea-bass was the best dish, somewhat pricey at $23, but served on a bed of wilted cabbage, which was kind of disappointing as it said \"vegetables\". The driced sliced fish was at the recommendation of the waiter, but it's flavor overwhelmed.  Free rice, which is cool. I'd come again and try some other things, as the menu is extensive.", "The entrance to this hole-in-the-wall restaurant is lined with reviews, review after review from food critics I've actually heard of, crowning it the Best Thai Food in Las Vegas, in the West, in the Country, in the World, in the Universe.  We had dinner and I was a bit disappointed, though it was okay.\n\nThen I went back and had the lunch buffet, which was universally panned and despised by Yelpers.  I actually thought it was really good and by far the best meal for under $10 that I had in Vegas.\n\nBehold the Awesome Power of Raised/Lowered Expectations!\n\nDinner: The nam-kao-tod (crispy rice) was a very interesting blend of flavors and I'd have it again.  The kang-ka-noon (spicy young jack fruit curry) was unremarkable, and the catfish was just okay.  Service was up and down; the wait staff were friendly when they were there, but sometimes they seemed to forget about us.\n\nLunch Buffet: The banana rolls were delicious and were really what won me over.  The garlic pepper chicken and the curry puffs were also good.  Staples such as pad thai were also present.", "Wow, people are really hard on this restaurant as if they were authentic thai chefs themselves...just kidding! I've recently become a really big fan of thai food, although I've been a HUGE fan of pad thai for quite some years now.\n\nAfter seeing that the Lotus of Siam was on the food network, I knew I had to give it a try. I've been there about 4 or 5 times now and have been satisfied every time.  I mean, it wasn't THE best thai I've had, but I can see why everyone's raving about it.  Next time, try to be a little brave and order a little something from each category and try it out...you won't be sorry.\n\nI started talking to the waitress and she said that the reason why the food was so fresh is that they make a trip to LA TWICE a week to get fresh ingredients for their dishes. TWICE A WEEK! If that's not passion, I don't know what is.", "if you want to find a good, cheap meal in vegas, skip all the crappy and crowded buffets with enormous lines and head on over to lotus of siam. in fact, if you want just a downright awesome meal irregardless of price, go to lotus of siam. this place beats any of the michelin-stared restaurants on the strip. why? because it's damn good and damn authentic. and you can get away from the cluttered strip for a second which is always a welcome change of pace.\n\nour experience here was nothing but spectacular. our waitress knew just want to recommend. the wine list is good and when i asked her to recommend a good reisling, she picked just the right one for me. not too sweet, not too dry. just perfect. then when it came time to order, we told her what we wanted and she offered up modifications based on the various sauces of the entrees we ordered. she wanted to ensure we didn't get the same sauces and that we picked the best meat/fish with the dish. thusly we ended up with a very comprehensive meal.\n\nroasted duck curry\ndrunken noodles with chicken\ncharbroiled prawns\npad sw ew with seabass\npoached salmon with chiles\n\nmy favorite of the lot was the roasted duck curry but all were amazing. i have boasted that my favorite thai food ever is thai tom in seattle (check out the reviews of that place if you care to understand the comparison), but this place MAY have surpassed thai toms. it's neck and neck for sure. \n\ni cannot rave enough about this place and i highly suggest that anyone going to vegas goes to lotus of siam. it's a quick cab ride from the strip and you won't be disappointed. just make sure you are a bit adventurous and don't order the pineapple fried rice or pad thai. you'll be missing out on the good stuff!"]
[2008, "season2"]	["Ate here a few months ago, just forgot to write a review. \nThis place is the real deal. Went with a group of my brother's friends.\n\nEthnically we were pretty diverse, the Indian group had an opportunity to order what ever they wanted off the main menu but in veterinarian so they weren't shafted with a 15 dollar plate with 2 bucks worth of food. \n\nThe white guys had strong reactions to the food so that's a good sign the place didn't skimp on authentic taste just to win flavor.\n\nThis was a few months ago so i cant critique the food like i do in other reviews but i do remember this:\n\nWINE DRINKERS BEWARE, They measure their wine in small glasses and then pour it into the wine glass. We sat near the back and from my position i watched wine drinkers get shafted countless times.", "Can I just say...WOW?! This place is amazing!!! After reading the mostly awesome reviews of Lotus, I was eager to try it. I went with about 5 other girls for a bday dinner. We made reservations for dinner, so there was no waiting or anything like that.\n\nFood: The food is delicious. While I do appreciate my go-to, hole-in-the-wall Thai place, \"King and I\", down the street, I think that the quality of Lotus' food is much higher. Some of the dishes we had (we had a lot, so I don't remember the names of all of them), but red curry with duck, panang curry with tofu and chicken, drunken noodles with sea bass, papaya salad, glass noodles with chicken, crispy rice, and a couple other dishes I can't remember. All of them were delicious. My personal faves were the drunken noodles and panang curry. We also had dessert...mango with sweet sticky rice, and fried bananas with ice cream....yummm! We also had two bottles of wine. It was a LOT of food, and we only ended up paying about $45 bucks each between 6 girls...a pretty good deal, considering how much we ordered, and we were stuffed at the end.\n\nService: The waiter was very attentive. Plenty of refills without asking. \n\nDecor: Nothing fancy, but it has a nice ambiance, moreso than your typical hole-in-the-wall.\n\nLocation: It's kind of in a sketchy part of neighborhood, Sahara Ave and  Commercial Ctr. There are some other restaurants around, like a Korean bbq restaurant. \n\nIf you're looking for fantastic Thai food in the Vegas area, check this place out, you won't be disappointed. I'd come here more often if I didn't live on the opposite side of town!", "Crazy good Thai food.  Just be advised that some of the dishes are spicy.  The Som Thum (green papaya salad) turned me into a red, sweaty, hiccuping, runny-nosed mess.  We also had the Khao Soi with beef and the green chicken curry, which were both great (and less spicy).  The neighborhood is a little dodgy, but the food is worth the trip.  Be sure to make reservations.", "I came here with some high expectations, since this restaurant is claimed to be the best Thai food in the world! I'm not sure about that. I found that it was strange to have a restaurant so acclaimed at a really ghetto Asian plaza, mostly dominated by Korean businesses. I'm still very surprised that famous Food Network Chefs came to this restaurant and featured it. With all that publicity, you would think that they would move to a bigger place. I found it to be a bit crowded.\n\nMy friends and I decided to go here after class for their buffet. The price for it was 8.99. It's pretty good quality of Thai food. I wasn't blown away, but what do you expect of a buffet style restaurant? My favorite dish had to be the soup Tom Kha, the vegetarian coconut milk soup. Otherwise, there was nothing special about the other dishes. \n\nMaybe dinner would be a lot better. Next time I will try their whole catfish dish or any other dish that was featured by Gourmet magazine...", "I don't claim to know if this is the best Thai restaurant in the U.S. (the kids these days seem to like Jitlada in Hollywood), but this was a notch above the best places I've been to in the Bay Area. Having failed to make a dinner reservation, we got there around 2pm on a Friday and hurried to place our orders before the kitchen closed. Nam kao tod (crispy rice with minced sausage) had very bright flavour. Chicken wings were fried immaculately. Khao soi noodles had an intense coconut milk sauce. Panang pompano and especially hoh mok catfish were the best Thai fish dishes I've had by some margin. I even thought our veggie friend Dave's pad thai was tasty, and I have no love for pad thai.\n\nNext time we'll order it spicier: this time we asked for something like \"spicy by American standards\", apparently Bay Area spice standards are hotter than in most of the U.S. Otherwise, grand.", "I have been to Thailand several times and have eaten Thai food in 5 star restaurants as well as street cart in Bangkok so when I was told this was the best Thai in the US I was really looking forward to trying it.\n\nI asked the server what the best dish was, I don't remember the name but it was a spicy noodle dish with beef,  and I asked for it to be very spicy.  I ordered a half bottle of an Alsace Riesling and my meal came promptly.\n\nThe food was very good and the service was outstanding.   \n\nAfter wards I checked out the Green Door across the parking lot...not quite Patpong, a little less  sleazy....yep Patpong is worse :)", "Is that Thai sausage in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me? Oh! I'm so hoping it's Thai sausage. \n\nFor my older brothers 45th birthday we came here with 15 friends who all met up at the Venetian. We had a couple of drinks at the hotel and made our way here. Happy and feeling dandy. And then it began.... course after course after course of some of the best Thai food I have ever savored.\n\nWe had several different salads. The banana blossom one was, are there words? No. I don't think there are. There wasn't a bad one in the bunch. Some were requested hot. And we got Thai hot. Which is blow  the top of your head off good.\n\nWe moved on to several soups which were amazing as well. I especially liked the shrimp with bok choy? I think it was bok choy. We drank enough wine to make me forget too much. (Damn you Mona! Take notes - but would I have been able to read them later?) Then came more.\n\nNoodles. Beef, chicken, seafood, rice, curry and it just kept coming. It was a feast. And not a loser in the lot. \n\nBy the time a fried banana desert came around, I was hailing a cab and hauling my butt back to the hotel. Enough. \n\nI plan on taking a large group of our clients here on our next Las Vegas outing. There's this one guy... who hates hot and spicy. I intend to kill him through food. Really, he has it coming. Meow.", "Lotus of Siam has gotten rave reviews, but some don't understand the hype.  I made reservations on Friday for Tuesday, 5:30 pm (June 24th) for two people. When we arrived the place was just opening and it immediately filled with with a few patrons but was by no means crowded.  \n\nThe decor is absolutely fine- I thought it would be seedy after reading some of the descriptions, but I found nothing to complain about. It was clean, the chandeliers were sparkly, the carpet didn't look disgusting or anything. The place is small and intimate, yet not crowded-feeling. It wasn't even noisy.\n\nOur server gave us plenty of time to peruse the menu. We both tried the Tom Ka Khai, which was a delicious coconut cream soup with chicken and lovely flavors. We judged it a bit tart and salty.  My friend thought it was more tart and salty than usual, but it was my first time having it. We both enjoyed it.\n\nFor dinner I had the mussaman and thoroughly enjoyed it. She had a seafood dish that she also loved (I liked it but not as much as she did).  My meal cost about $10 while hers was twice as much.  For dessert we shared  mango and sticky rice, which we both loved. That mango was absolutely heavenly and the rice was not overly sweet.\n\nService was nice even though we waited a long time for someone to show up after they presented us with the menu.  We lingered for about 10 minutes chatting after dessert, which prompted a woman to come out twice to clear our table. She was all smiles, though, and we left because the place is pretty tiny and we didn't want to cause people to wait. There were perhaps two parties in the waiting room when we left, but there were at least two free tables (besides ours).\n\nI'd come back again, but I'm not sure it's the \"best Thai restaurant in the country.\"  I took photos of our meals, which I added to the others for this restaurant. They are cell-phone quality but I tried to make them look decent.  Our plates really did look lovely when served.", "My 2nd favorite restaurant in Las Vegas after \"Himalayan Cuisine\". The lunch buffet is ok but dinner here is superb. I like smaller friendlier atmospheres and a relaxed ambiance with fantastic food at reasonable prices without the pretense thats usually displayed at a lot of sub par casino restaurants. I really like the house special flat noodles with crawfish. Their wine list is fantastic and much more reasonably priced than other places that boast great wine lists. Alas, the beer is limited to the standard weak Asian lagers and domestics, but if its fantastic beers I want I just go to the Himalayan Cuisine instead. The sommelier here is a very affable man and after chatting him up I was able to twist his arm and offer him a little taster of the Bergstrom Pinot Noir I had one night. All in all, fantastic Thai food that deserves its well-reviewed reputation, great wine list, friendly wait-staff that doesn't stand on ceremony, bland beer selection and decent but not necessarily fantastic lunch buffet.", "Put the buffet plate down... step away from the counter and move off the strip for a bit.  OK so it's not that far off the strip and yes if you drive down Sahara you'll see the restaurant front and you may just pass by and say forget it.  That was my SO's reaction as we drove by, but trust me stop find parking in this run down strip mall, brave the characters outside, look straight ahead and go in the restaurant.  \n\nWe ordered two dishes, I just wished we were with a bigger party so that we could have tried more dishes.  I ordered the braised short ribs... love me tender, tender meat!!!  And the SO ordered the pork stew northern curry.  Both were lovely the Pork stew had a good bite, a bit spicier that I would like but I still enjoyed it.  It was a bit odd that the waiter didn't ask how hot we wanted it but to me that's sometimes a good sing of a great restaurant.  I like it we a chef prepares a dish how it should be enjoyed no matter who's taste bud is eating it.  The best part of the pork stew dish was that the pork pieces had just a bit of fat yup pork fat in it.  I know it's bad for you and also know that a lot of people hate the texture/taste of it, but what can I say, I'm filipino and we just love that stuff.  \nWe also ordered the sticky rice and mango... big mistake as this push us over the top and almost exploded as I made my way out of the restaurant.  I don't know if it was just the fact that I was too full but the desert did not really impress me too much.  Pretty standard sticky rice/mango one can find in other good Thai place.\nI would give this place 5 stars if not for the location.  Great food nice space inside very reasonable prices.  A must when you want really good food and not willing to pay the price associated with a \"celebrity chef's\" name plastered on a restaurant.  So pass the buffet line and go straight to LOS.", "Sawasdee Krup,\nI HEART Lotus of Siam and you should too! Please don't write me a long and nasty e-mail if you don't and you got turned away at the door because you didn't make a reservation....dummy!  The place is popular and for good reason. The restaurant sits in this seedy location way off the strip. Don't let the run-down strip mall scare you away. It surely didn't scare off the likes of Oprah and President Clinton....THANK YOU VERY MUCH. It does seem odd that a restaurant with such fanfare is in this  hidden corner of \nVegas, but I think thats part of the attraction. \n\nThe food is truly gourment and the service is quick, not the warmest, but with food this good I'd suffer through an open-hand slap to the face for some more Tom Kah soup. Fresh & Spicy, like Padma on Top Chef!\n\nNOTE: Take the time and call ahead for a reservation. I saw a lot of sad faces waiting in the lobby as we strolled in the door and right to our table D-list celebrity style.....Oh Yeah!", "Since there are already 90 reviews of this place let me keep this brief.  I generally don't like Thai food.  But I was in Vegas on business and by myself and wanted to stay off the Strip.  The YELP raves convinced me to give Lotus a try.\n\nBottom line -- its amazing.  Go.  Even if you hate Thai food, go.  The flavors are remarkable.   I had a soup, an appetizer, and a main dish and they were all spectacular.  And if you're into wine, the list looked amazing.\n\nAnd BTW, their web site recommends reserving a day in advance, which I thought was a joke for an ethnic restaurant in a strip mall, but the place was thronged on Wednesday night.  I was lucky to be seated in 20 minutes.  You might want to call ahead.", "This is a solid Thai place. The service is OK but the menu and the food easily make up for it. Lotus of Siam has the biggest Thai menu i have ever seen and great descriptions of each dish for those who aren't Thai experts. Overall I really enjoyed the food (Panang Curry and Hot and Sour Veggie Soup) and recommend for anyone looking for great Thai", "This rating is actually a 3 1/2 stars but only because we only had the lunch buffet.  From most of the reviews it sounds like the menu is the way to go.  Don't get me wrong, the buffet was fine.  It had a decent mix of things, but because of the chow mien, fried rice and egg rolls, and a few other dishes, it felt like any of the other good chinese buffets I've been to.  There was a curry dish or two that I have never tried before but I think I missed out not ordering off of the menu.  \n\nIf the popularity of this place is doubted, just show up at 11:20 to see the people waiting out front for it to open.  It's located in a weird strip mall location.  You can't tell from the road that it is actually more of a business complex than a strip mall.  There is a huge parking lot area surrounded on three sides by buildings.\n\nAs for price, it about $19 for two without drinks.", "Tonight we were trying to find someplace new, thai food in particular,  and stumbled across the many reviews. Curious, we decided to give it a try.\n\nFirst of, you wouldn't expect to find a great place for food in the run-down \"mini-mall\" that it is located in. One advice, go there during \"lit hours\" if you are by yourself.  Luckily, it's still light out after 7pm.  \n\nWe walked in at 7pm on a Thursday night without reservations and the place was pretty full.  At first the guy told us it would be at least a 30 minute wait but then said that he could seat us if we didn't take more than 1 hour. Since it was just the 2 of us, we said of course! I would recommend reservation esp if you have a big party.  It looks like they had a separate section for a bigger party (maybe 20+) but the biggest table I saw sat 12 people comfortably.  \n\nThe food was excellent!  We skipped the appetizer and went straight for the meal. We had the green papaya salad, drunken seafood noodles, and red curry with chicken.  We asked for everything mild and It was \"just right, a little sweat and tears\" spicy.  It came with a side of jasmine rice but we had 1 order of sticky rice esp for the curry! Yum!  The portions weren't huge but between the both of us, we ate pretty much everything.  Now, we could've been done without desert but the table next to us ordered a whole bunch and we couldn't resist!  So, we had shared 2 of them: fresh sliced mango with sticky rice topped with a light cream sauce AND coconut ice cream. Oooooh, so yummy!  Yes, we finished that without a problem.\n\nThe service was good.  We had a bunch of people helping us and our water glass was never empty.  Thank goodness with all the spicy-ness!  The one thing I thought was strange was that after we got our food, no one came by to ask us how things were until we were almost done eating everything. Then again, maybe that's probably why huh? They probably didn't want to interrupt the \"shoveling\" of food! Ha! \n\nWe will definitely go again.  I'm curious about their lunch buffet that was being advertised as $8.95.  Our meal described above (including desert) was all under $50!  Thanks for all of your reviews. We just found a new great place for Thai!!!!", "We were able to get reservations for 7:30 on Saturday only a week or two before. The koi soy (beef tartare) was excellent, as was the the mashed jackfruit dish (very surprising!) and papaya salad (which is very spicy but quite authentic. The khao soi was all right but not amazing. The whole fried catfish with basil was great, and the northern larb was pretty good but again not exceptional. The wine list is truly something, and there are plenty of other drinks as well. Service is very good and friendly and the prices are not bad, especially for vegas.", "When a place advertises itself as \"The Best _____________ restaurant in the US\" I was understandably skeptical.  But my skepticism evaporated with the first bites of the NAM KAO TOD   (Minced sour sausage mixed with green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, crispy rice and lime juice.)  The flavours, and textures, of this appetizer and everything else I tried (the \"chicken wings\" are unlike anything you've had anywhere: deep fried until crispy then sauteed with chili, garlic, and topped with crispy mint leaves.)  Try the Sea Bass as well.\n\nWho cares about decor, strip mall location, etc?  You are here to eat!", "\"Have you been to Lotus of Siam yet?\" is a frequent question I got after moving to Las Vegas over a year ago.  And finally, the answer is yes.\n\nShowing up there on a Sunday night around 6:45 pm without reservations is a daring move, especially with a party of four.  Sure, my wait was about 30-45 minutes, but trust me, I tried to make reservations.  I was calling all evening before they opened and got a busy signal!\n\nWhen we finally got seated right smack in the middle, I had plenty of time to read a few reviews, check out their many newspaper/magazine features, and observe my fellow diners.\n\nIt took awhile before the waiter took our order, meanwhile I was in search of a wine list.  (I had read about their incredible beverage menu, but was disappointed when none was given to me.)  When I did ask for wine menu, it's more like a wine book!  I think they should have automatically offered us the beverage menu.\n\nOur menu:   \n\n* Stuffed Chicken Wings $8.95 (Chicken wings stuffed with ground pork, deep fried, and served with sweet and sour sauce.)  This came with two chicken wings that were sliced for sharing.  Tasty and full of flavor, a bit disappointing though with the small portion.\n\n* Mee Krob $7.95 (Crispy noodle mixed with sweet and sour sauce, chicken and shrimp.)  I wasn't sure what to expect with this dish, but what a nice surprise.  The crispy noodles had a nice freshness to it and very good.  Would definitely order it again!\n\n* Tom Klong Pla-Krob, Hot Pot $15.95 (This unique soup was influenced by mixed Thai-Cambodian culture which combined pieces of \"smoked sheet fish\" with the Thai-Cambodian style soup, seasoned with tamarind sauce, fresh herb, spices, chili.)  This soup comes out beautifully presented and has a huge wow factor.  There's so much spice and flavor in this soup and has your mouth humming from all the heat.\n\n* Pork Panang $9.95 (The color and flavor of fresh & dried chili makes this curry a unique dish.  Cooked with coconut milk, Thai basil and chili.)  I was craving some kind of Thai curry with a coconut milk base and the pork was surprisingly tender.  The sauce went fabulous with my rice.\n\n* Sai Oua (Northern Style Sausage) $8.95 (If you like Louisiana style hot sausage, you have got to try this one.  Stuffed with ground pork, fresh and dried her and spice, this mild/medium spicy sausage is indeed very tasty.)  A bit dry and disappointing for us all. It lacked the spice and flavor we had hoped for.\n\n* Crispy Duck with Chu-Chee $19.95 (Topped with Thai red curry base sauce.)  The three guys I was dining with absolutely LOVED this dish and were practically fighting over it!  It tasted so good for them that they ordered another one!  There's a chunky portion of duck fat sitting under the skin, which is what I think makes it taste so good. The curry sauce is fabulous complement to this dish.\n \n* Crispy Mussel Omelet $8.95 (Fried Thai mussel omelet to crispy on top of sauteed bean spout and green onion and served with spicy sweet sauce.)  It's more like a deep-fried dish, which surprised us all.      It has a weird texture because of the dryness of the deep-frying and the mushiness of the mussels and egg base.\n\n* Crispy Duck with Chili Mint Leaves $19.95 (Topped with homemade fresh chili and Thai basil.)  The duck was good again, but the guys preferred the Chu-Chee sauce instead.  I liked the Thai basil myself.  \n\nEntrees come with steamed rice, but you can get sticky rice for $1.50/pp.  \n\nService - Our water glasses were never refilled and the woman clearing our dishes made it very clear to us that she wanted us to leave.  She not only said it under her breath, but again later on while I was using the restroom.  We weren't done with our beverages yet and I felt rushed to leave.  However, the waiters were nicer, asking us if we wanted dessert before giving us our bill.  (We were stuffed with a few leftovers not worth taking.)\n\nOverall, Lotus of Siam has a VERY extensive menu.  There's such a huge variety that it'll make you want to come back so you can try other things.  The waiter never asked us about our spice level, and we told him about a 6-7.  The only thing spicy was the soup, everything else fell short on spiciness.  Definitely go with a bigger group so you can order more dishes.  With so many accolades, they could do a lot better on service.  It gives you a casual feel with the paper napkins and buffet set up in the middle.  For the most part, the food is very good and tasty.  You'll probably find us back here so we can check out their other stuff.  I'll definitely make reservations though!\n\n(You can check out photos of our dinner in the business profile section!)", "i have been coming here for the last 8 years or so.  i first heard of LOS in a gourmet magazine article and had to try what the craze among all the food critics was all about.  from the first time i ate there till the um-teenth time, it never disappoints.\n\ni always stop by for lunch when i'm in las vegas.  i've enjoyed almost everything i've tried here...don't forget to try some of the northern thai items...the northern style larb and pork stew is especially good.  then finish the meal off with coconut ice cream and the coconut sticky rice with fresh mangos.\n\nN.B. if you go for lunch, do not get the buffet.  you've been warned ;-)", "perhaps i had high high expectations. It's hard not to when Jonathon Gold and all these other food critics are wetting their pants over this place.\n\nWent there and we weren't quite sure of what to order so we got one staple to compare with other thai places (Pad See Euw) and a curry dish and a crispy rice appetizer. I regret not getting the more exotic dishes, cuz I think maybe that's why people come here but anyway,\n\nall in all, it was mighty tasty and for three people, the bill came out to $37.\n\nif i lived in vegas, this would be my go-to Thai place. Would i drive all they way there for this? hell no but it would definitely be a stop when I'm there and have a car.\n\nsee my pics"]
[2008, "season4"]	["A 3.5stars! We followed Yelp's review and stopped by around 3pm to have late lunch. you could tell it's a popular place by the crowd of people there even it was late afternoon. We had Papaya Salad and Garlic Prawn following the recommendations from their staff. The prawn were so crispy and fresh, you will love to lick the plate up!!! as I did...LOL. We ordered our papaya salad at  medium spicy but it was too much for us and they just replaced our plate with a new one(no spicy at all one). That was so sweet!! The only thing we would like them to improve might be their price. I have eaten in Pasadena's Saladang and Saladang served nice food with great atmosphere and reasonable price. Lotus doesn't have nice interior decoration but charged more than Saladang. It would be the only reason keeping me from visiting this place again.  Otherwise everything works so well here. If you have family or a big party who don't care the atmosphere that much, this place is a good choice.", "Before going to Las Vegas, i've followed some review on Yelp and it helped. My family and I are original Thai, we were expected to eat real Thai foods, and this restaurant was so awesome, Wines are great as well.", "Close, but no 5 stars. But really it was!\n\nLast weekend I was in Vegas and our second (and last) night there, we wanted to eat out for dinner again. Again I eyed the local restaurants on yelp and this actually was my second choice. We actually tried to go to this Italian place, but the area was just creeeepy. FAIL. Lol so we let the GPS take us to Lotus of Siam.\n\nI didn't know what to expect because I've been to many Thai places and I only really like a couple. I'm really picky about little aspects of food, but I wanted to be open-minded, especially because my stomach was empty =(. So the wait was 10 minutes, which went by pretty quick! My parents were surprised to find the place PACKED, but we snagged a table at the right time.\n\nWe were seated in the mini dining rooms on the side and it was pretty cozy. But more importantly, I wanted some real good food. We ordered:\n\nPad Thai - Not the best I've tasted, and personally was a little small and a little dry. But pretty good.\n\nSpicy Fried Rice - What the hell?! No one asked how spicy we wanted it?! This shit burned our stomachs and my thai iced tea was goooone. I love spicy food but they were literally trying to start a fire in my throat. Tasty nonetheless!\n\nChili Mussels - Pretty good, but I'm not too big on mussels. My dad liked it though.\n\nMusaman Curry - The tastiest curry ever. We got it with tofu and it was really good. I was bummed the bowl was so small.\n\nService was pretty good too, so that of course is a plus. But because I'm real picky about my food (well at least when I went there), it didn't get the 5 stars I was really hoping to give. Great place though, and from the looks of it this place is loved by many. If I'm in Vegas again, I'll definitely come by again. And I'll be prepared for the fried rice!", "I can't remember the names of the dishes but I will try to describe them.  We ordered almost exclusively from the Northern menu and were not disappointed.\n\nCrispy rice appetizer thingy: tangy and a little spicy.  Good texture with a sour kick.\n\nGreen chili dip with fresh vegetables and sticky rice: my favorite dish.  The \"dip\" was smashed up vegetables and peppers and had such a rich flavor.  Came garnished with pork cracklings.\n\nSpicy chicken soup hot pot: spicy, sour broth and the slippery goodness of oyster mushrooms!  Thought I could handle it until I swallowed a lump of not-yet-dissolved chili paste.\n\nJackfruit something: served in a clay pot.  The menu says that jackfruit tastes like artichoke hearts.  Yes, but sweeter and more mango-ey.\n\nThis was a fun dinner.  Good quality, but a bit pricier than I expected.", "I defy you to find a better Thai restaurant in this country.  Be careful the cook has a temper.", "If God owned a Thai restaurant, it'd serve food just like this.  Don't be fooled by the location.  It's in a run-down strip mall next to a wig outlet (seriously), but the food is unbelievable.  Their menu is huge, so I can't even begin to give a comprehensive review, but everything I've had ranged from very good to phenomenal.  It has a reputation for being the best Thai restaurant in North America.  I'd suggest not going in with that expectation, as it's setting the bar pretty damn high, but Lotus of Siam is definitely an excellent dinner spot.  They also have a lunch buffet that I thought was a good meal, but a step down from dinner on the quality meter.\n\nOne specific recommendation: the spicy chicken wings make a great appetizer.", "Incredible Thai Food, top 3 ever.\n\nI share the sadness that it is not always open when you need it.\n\nAfter building up expectations about Ronald's Donuts, a group of us on a weekend vacation were disappointed to find out that some Europeans had come and snatched up all the correctly famous vegan cream filled donuts.\n\nThats ok, we will go to Lotus of Siam, and all will be good.   When we arrived to find it closed, that was very sad.\n\nLuckily the thai place in the same shopping center is all vegetarian and fantastic.  Wow!\n\nOk, this review has nothing to do with Lotus of Siam.  Its just really good Thai food.  Go there.", "Just returned from a trip to vegas, and finally made it to Lotus of Siam!\n\nFirst of all...the off-strip mall it's in is a little scary. Plenty of parking, though.\n\nNext...even on an off-season Monday night, there was a line! Luckily it was only about a 10 minute wait for a table. Unfortunately, the service after sitting down was rrrrreeeeaaaaaallllllyyyyyy ssssslllllloooooowwwww.\n\nFinally...the food was pretty good, although I wouldn't say it's the best Thai food I've ever had. Tried the nam kao tod mainly because the reviews (posted on the wall) seemed to rave about it. Freaking salty!!! We ate the cabbage (which seemed to be a garnish?) with it to cut the salt. Then had the tom yum soup, which was tasty, although also somewhat salty. For entrees, the braised shortribs with panang was very good, especially with sticky rice. And I really liked the rad na. It's always one of my favorite dishes, and they did it quite well. The pad thai was my least favorite entree, being...meh. They made up for it with the coconut ice cream dessert, though. It was yum!\n\nWhat can I say? I'll probably be back!", "The food here was at least as good as the other Thai places I've eaten at in Vegas.  The service was excellent, too.  \n\nThe food is good, particularly the red curry  and the mango sticky rice.  I wasn't too adventurous here; I had some other old favorites and enjoyed them, too. . .", "There's nothing \"Vegas\" about this place: It's delicious, authentic Thai food like you could get in L.A., San Francisco, or another city. Only better.\n\nThis is always our first stop after landing at McCarren airport and picking up our rental car. Yummy food, with good service, conveniently near the strip (but with easy parking). And yes, they serve Singha to complement your meal. It's in a rather rundown strip mall, facing away from the street:  Don't let that deter you. This is a great stop on any trip to Vegas.", "This place was awesome!  Though 1/4 into my meal, it was ruined.  Spiciness is my downfall, and the papaya salad that went with the seabass massacred my tastebuds.  I had to ice my tongue for the next 15 minutes, and couldn't taste the sexy food for that duration.  I think the waitress felt bad as she walked around and saw my whole group dying from the spiciness.  Unfortunately, the food got cold, and wasn't as yummy.\n\nPlates my group ordered (1-5 scoring):\n\n1.  Sea Bass - 4, very very good, but small portions\n2.  Curry (forgot which one, probably yellow) - 4.5\n3.  Duck with some curry - 5\n4.  Tom Ka (I think) - 5\n5.  Spicy sausage - 3\n6.  Soft shell crab over noodles - 3.5\n\nI would definitely go here again.  With a group of 6, I think we ended up paying about $25/person, which is a bit pricey for Thai, but I'd rather go here than most places on the strip.", "Why are you closed on Sat afternoon, oh Lotus of Siam! I went to Vegas this past weekend with the high hopes of feasting at this place - only to be sadly disappointed that they only open for Dinner on the weekends. Reminder - always call ahead! \n\nAbout 8 years ago I once drove from San Diego to LV all by myself because I was craving their coconut sticky rice - a lil' crazy, i know, but worth every mile.", "you cant claim to really know vegas, unless you know about little gems like these around town that receive acclaim (featured in Bon Appetit Mag) and is hidden from the out of towners and tourists... and hidden is an understatement... its situated in a seedy strip mall, but i can only guess that it was the shiznit back in the day - seeing that the Las Vegas Country Club is within a stones throw away...anyways:\n\nthe GRUB:\n- downright tasty... seriously good thai food - pad thai, panang curry, etc.\n- the drinks were a plenty... and ice cold thai tea on a scorching vegas day is pure heaven.\n\nthe JOINT:\n- janky ass strip mall, im surprised they continue to stay here\n- the indoor dining room is cramped and sometimes poorly lit\n- awesome AIR CONDITIONING\n- wait staff and owners are so nice and genuinely concerned\n\nthe SQUUEZE:\n- they have a decent lunch buffet, but i tend to order off of the menu\n- they take all plastics, cash, and casino chips (j/k)\n- priced reasonable for thai food off strip\n\ncome here because the food is grub and the reputation is upheld by a strong kitchen and authentic recipes... but avoid at night, and especially during full moons; keep your wallet close; and keep reminding yourself that you are still in las vegas..."]
[2009, "seaons3"]	["11/08: Came back here during yet another conference, this time with my boss and other team members. Still, to the mark, good food and great service. We had to wait a little bit this time but all over again a good experience.", "A friend of ours recommended Lotus to us and it is in a really bad neighborhood. We are now regulars and come here about 2-3 times a week. We always get the same thing: crispy duck with basil sauce, garlic prawns, beef salad, deep fried catfish, minced pork with basil sauce again, and if they have it on special, the lobster is to die for! (although the lobster is VERY pricey and large portion).\n\nThere is always a wait and they don't do same day reservations, and we don't even bother coming on a Friday or Saturday, its just too packed. We also try to come late around 9 pm for dinner to avoid the lines. \n\nMy bf didn't even like Thai food before but now is a believer, IT'S THAI FOOD AT IT'S FINEST!", "A lot of times Thai noodle dishes feel heavy to me.  The noodle dishes we had here were surprisingly light and just as flavorable.  We had 3 dishes for 4 people, under 45$ after tip/tax for dinner seemed like a great deal!", "Best Thai food in US? I wouldn't know and I'm certainly not a Thai expert.  Best Thai food I've ever had? DEFINITELY (and this includes a short trip to Bangkok, but I was not so adventurous then)!\n\nI've been here twice, and each time I came out FULLY satisfied.  First time I went, I followed other yelper's advice, and asked our waiter for suggestions.  This is not a place you get your pad thai and call it a day, you want to experience their specialties that you can't get anywhere else.  Our waitress was very patient and recommended all winners.  Second time, I brought my parents here and at the end of the meal, my mom said, \"I never understood your fascination with Thai food before, but now I finally do.\"  Yes, it's that good =).\n\nHere are some of my must orders: \n- Tom Ka soup: my friend told me you can tell if a Thai restaurant is good by its soup.  I haven't tried too many Tom Ka's, but this one's sure tasty to me!\n- Crispy duck panang:  MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE.  The duck is fried until crispy, and plated on a bed of panang sauce.  In fact, I'm sure any of its crispy duck options will be good.\n- Sea bass with drunken noodles (or any other combo with drunken noodles): if you're a sea bass lover, this dish is for you.  The drunken noodle is somewhat similar to pad kee mao, but better.  We've also had it with prawns, HUGE prawns came out, the meat was so fresh and bouncy, yum yum.\n- Braised short ribs: we had it with some kind of curry.  The ribs were fall of the bone tender, and the flavor was very rich, you can tell it's been stewing for hours.  \n\nAlso, try the Nam Kao Tod if you haven't, it's definitely different.  Some love it, I'm just okay with it.  But I still get it just to introduce it for the others.   \n\nThere're still so many other dishes that I have yet to try.  It's a definite must go every time I go to Vegas now.  Yes, it's a bit of a hassle since it's in the middle of nowhere, but if you love great food, do yourself (and your stomach) a favor and grab a taxi now!  Although, you might not want to go clubbing right after, give yourself 2 hours to digest before the party begins.", "I have heard from so many places about how this is supposed to be the best thai food this side of (insert thai city here), but my friends and i left very disappointed.  We shared the satay which were good.  The pad thai was really disappointing.  My bf and i also had the thai fried rice and the yellow curry.  Neither was anything to write home about.  This was hardly the best thai food i have ever had.  Honestly I wish we had just eaten at one of the places in our hotel instead of having to get the car from valet and drive here.  with all the dining options in vegas, especially on the strip, i doubt i would be back.", "I have to say that this is by far my favorite Thai Restaurant I've ever been to!!! The location is in a strange strip mall away from the strip and the atmosphere is dated but when the food is this good, WHO CARES?!?!?! \n\nI was there on a Thursday evening around 7pm and it was relatively busy. We did not have a reservation and had a short wait. As you are waiting you have plenty of time to read the articles on the walls expressing how good this restaurant is.  I have to agree with all the articles! The BEST Thai food in North America. \n\nWe started off with the Thai Beef Jerky and Tom Yum Soup and they were both very flavorful and great. I've been told I have to try the stuffed chicken wings, but have yet had the chance to try them.  As for our main courses we asked for a recommendation from the wait staff. We ordered the Sea Bass cooked in the Drunken Noodle style. This was by far the best Thai dish I have ever eaten! I recommend that you order this! \n\nThey have a great wine selection, from glasses to bottles. I had a glass of Riesling to off set the spice and it couldn't have been better! \n\nFor dessert we ordered the mango and sticky rice. The rice was fantastically aromatic and paired great with the mango. \n\nI give this place 2 thumbs up and recommend it to everyone!", "I researched Thai restaurants in Vegas before our trip from San Jose, CA. When we drove into the shopping center, we were wondering what we had gotten ourselves into. It was located in a strip mall which looked pretty deserted. We had also looked up Komol, which is right across from Lotus of Siam, but were intrigued by the reviews of this place. The place is not impressive looking from the outside, but when you step inside...totally different! We happened to come by when Las Vegas Magazine was there doing a review, which was pretty cool to see. I ordered the vegetarian Tom Yum (spicy vegetable soup) which was good! It's rare to find this in a cup size, so I was eager to try it. My friend and I both ordered the Vegetarian Drunken Noodle, which isn't on the menu, but asked that it be made as I am a vegetarian. I mentioned to the waiter that we had read awesome reviews from yelp and that we were from California. A few minutes later, an appetizer comes to our table...compliments of the manager. It was the veggie version of their \"Nam Kao Tod\" and it had tofu in it instead. The flavor was amazing, the lime juice brought out the flavors in the dish so well! Then, the manager brought over 2 glasses of wine to taste with the appetizer and he paired them nicely! When the main dish arrived (Veggie Drunken Noodle), I was practically full already. The dish had amazing color to it (please see my pic's of this dish in the photos above) with lots of tofu, FRESH veggies, and noodles. It was the BEST drunken noodle dish I've ever tasted. The service at this place was OUTSTANDING and we also noticed that the people dining behind us received the same service as well. We opted for the Sticky rice and coconut ice cream for dessert. OMG!!! My mouth is watering thinking about this delicious dessert. The coconut was so soft and young, and the rice was the perfect addition to compliment this. Again, 2 more glasses of wine appear and this time, it's my absolute favorite dessert wine, Muscato d'Asti. When the bill came, NO charge for the appetizer or the wine! The manager came over to our table and was incredibly gracious and a true gentleman. When we walked outside, he ran after us to make sure we weren't going to be hailing a cab, as the location is pretty remote and no cab's were in sight. We had a rental car, so we were set. Talk about going that extra mile! When we asked him how his competition was across the way (Komol is another Thai restaurant in the same lot), not one bad thing came out of his mouth and he said \"No, we don't compete with other restaurants, we like that we're a small place.\" How cool was that? My friend and I vowed that every time we go to Vegas, we will definitely come back to this gem of a place. For anyone who loves Thai, ya gotta check it out when you're in Vegas. Thanks for a great lunch Lotus of Siam!!!!!\n\nP.S...The pictures on the wall have many celebrities as well as chef's from the major restaurants located on the strip....that speaks volumes.", "James beard nominated chef, gourmet magazine says best Thai restaurant in north America, wine spectator award...All True and more.  Anyone who rated this place less than 4 stars needs to go back to panda express where you belong.  Incredible food, amazing wine list that's has some bottles of wine below retail.  Nothing else compares!!", "Just came back from an outstanding meal with a friend. \n\nInterior: A little dated, and the ceiling had those popcorn asbestos type things on it. BUT WHO CARES?! \n\nService: The host was prompt, we had reservations so we were seated right away. Most of the tables were full and this was around 8pm on a Thursday. I can only imagine what the weekend is like. The server was attentive, and the bus service was prompt. It did take a little while for our bill to come after the meal, but who cares, we were stuffed and needed a minute to just sit around anyway. \n\nFood: MOUTHGASMIC. We ordered:\n-Stuffed Chicken Wings \n-Tom Yum Kai (7 spiciness) \n-Yellow Curry Chicken (6 spiciness) \n-Mint and Green Chili Beef\n-Sticky Rice \n-Thai Iced Tea\n\nEverything was awesome. The Tom Yum Kai was spiced perfectly, it had the right amount of kick but still retained its sour lime flavor. I wish I had ordered the Yellow Curry in a 8, it was not spicy at all, but the coconut base was still good. This was the first time I had Sticky Rice and i really enjoyed the firm yet soft and sticky texture. I'll be ordering it often. The mint and chili beef was my favorite dish, it was a great mixture of flavors and spices that hits the mouth at all angles. Stuffed chicken wings?...c'mon, so bomb. How is it even possible to make!? It defies the laws of physics and gravity. LOL.  It was very tasty. The thai iced tea was perfect, not too sweet, and very refreshing. \n\nOverall, possibly the best Thai meal i've ever had. It did not break the bank either. We spent about $53 with tip. I'll definitely be coming back here to sample more fine Thai cuisine.", "Lotus of Siam\n\nFirst off my preference at Thai restaurants is for a slightly thick sweet curry sauce. For the most part, I have based my rating on the curry dish. With that being said, on to my thoughts on Lotus of Siam. \n \nWe started of with an appetizer of Shrimp wrapped with bacon wrapped in a won-ton wrap. This one has a nice bacon flavor, which doesn't always happen with bacon appetizers. I imagine if you ordered this to go the wrapper would suck but seeing as we ate it at the restaurant it was quite good as the wrapper was nice and crisp. It came with a light sweet and sour sauce which complemented it well. All in all a worthwhile appetizer. 4.5 out of 5\n\nWe ordered Yellow curry with pork (#4 on the spicy level). It was good but not great, like I said earlier I like my curry sauce a little bit thick and I like it to have a little more sweetness than this one had. Would I order it again? Probably, but that has more to do with really liking curry than really liking this dish. 3 out of 5\n\nWe also ordered the Crab fried rice. How do you describe good fried rice. I don't know but this is it. Slightly sweet, just the right amount of oil, this was an excellent dish. 5 out 5\n\nService - The service was ok, a little long waiting for someone to come with our check but U expect things like this with a busy restaurant that has reasonable prices. 3.5 out 5\n\nWould we go back? Maybe, since we don't live in Vegas my guess is we would probably try something different next time since that is half the fun but you never know.", "My sister and I ate at Lotus of Siam about a year ago.  In a word, the place was 'TERRIBLE'!\n\nI regularly eat in upscale and hole in the wall Thai restaurants here in Atlanta and they all are a million times better than Lotus of Siam.  Yeah, I believed all the hype about this being the best Thai food in the country.  However, my sister and I quickly learned it was just hype.\n\nWe had the lunch buffet.  We tried every thing on the buffet (Not hard to do because there's not much on the buffet anyway) from the different currys to the chicken, and rice offerings and every thing was a huge dissapointment.  \n\nMy sister got sick on the way back to our hotel and we had to rush her to the first hotel we saw on the strip so she could go to the restroom to throw up.  I gave it one star for the cold ice water like a previous person said.\n\nIf you love good Thai food and you're used to eating good Thai food then DO NOT EAT AT LOTUS OF SIAM!", "Now that I'm back, I wish I had ordered from their main menu, but the lunch buffet was a quick and affordable (and reservationless) way to get a feel for their food. Had probably the best pad thai I've ever tasted, delicious (but spicy!) green beans and chicken, heavenly pork noodle soup, salt and pepper chicken wings which had a perfect crust on them, and sweet potato curry puffs that, as a fan of all things sweet, I loved.", "Oh. My. God. This would actually make me consider moving to Las Vegas.\n\nThe girls and I went to Vegas (from LA) for a girls weekend and we wanted, no needed, Thai food. Hangovers you see. So, some Tom Kha Kai was not an option but a necessity. We asked the conceirge at our hotel where some good Thai places were and once he found out we had a car he told us to go here and I am now going to call The Rio to tell them that guys needs a raise! The guy said it was perhaps \"the best Thai food in the country\" and I sort of chuckled to myself because I KNOW the best Thai is in Norwalk at Renu Nekorn. What did he know? Ha!\n\nWhen we got there I was ready to start talking sh#t because it was in some funky strip mall in BFE. But then I thought to myself, all the great local spots are in funky strip malls. So I wedged my way through the horde of people in the waiting area and saw the walls plastered with reviews from just about every news source you can think of. Thought it was a decent sign so I made our reservation and decided to wait the 25 minutes for a table.\n\nAs I stood by the wall my friend says to me, \"hey didn't you guys live in Norwalk? This says the chef is from Norwalk.\" To my pleasant surprise the chef is the SAME EXACT chef from Renu Nekorn! How's that for a kick in the pants! Apparently he had enough of So Cal and moved to Vegas like every other person in the 702. I was even more excited to see that most of the items on the menu were identical to the menu from the Norwalk location. Happy day!\n\nI can't even tell you what I ordered because I was in a food coma from start to finish. I left full, buzzed, and happy with money left in my pocket which is more than I can say for my departure from the rest of Vegas.\n\nThey also do take out so you can pre-order and get it to go. If you're staying on the strip there were plenty of cabs waiting outside to take people anywhere they wanted to go so don't fret if you want to venture out sans self-transportation. However you decide to get there - just go. Now.  I will absolutely go back the next time I'm in Vegas but this time I will do it with a reservation.", "Spicy Catfish Salad is my favorite dish here.\n\nFood here used to be really good, but came here twice in the past month and I have to say they really disappointed me.\n\nPortions are very small.\n\nService is really lousy.\n\nThe crispy rice is very salty and doesn't taste good.  Their specialty beef (forgot its name...grilled beef thinly sliced with tamarind and coconut sauce) used to be my favorite, but this time is just mediocre\n\nReally sad this happened.  I usually look forward to going here every time we go to Vegas, but not sure if we would like to come here again.\n\nThere are so many other places which are worth visiting.  Maybe i'll be back in a couple of years....so long", "This is the best Thai food that I've had in...well... maybe ever. I haven't been to Thailand yet though (01/10!)  Easily the best in Vegas.  MAAAAAYbe Krung Thai is close. That's it.  Great authentic N.Thailand dishes will knock your socks off. While waiting in the lobby you'll see the wall of reviews, many saying it is the best Thai in the US. I haven't ate at every thai place in the US so I can't co-sign that, but its fn good.\n\nCLIFFNOTES: WOW. Authentic yummy thai food. Good location off the strip. Long ass wait so make a reservation. And yes it is THAT good. Trust me.", "This place is authentic, delicious and everything that i could want in Thai food. I would recommend a reservation or you will have to wait in line for dinner. If your first visit here is for the lunch buffet, keep in mind that the buffet is not a good refleciton of the quality of this place.\nThe Tom Yum Kai is awesome but the the En Tuan (Beef & Tendon Soup) is absolutely amazing. All the broths at this place are rich, spicy and very complex in flavor.  The curry here was good as well but wasn't much different from other Thai curries i've had before. The Pad Thai noodles were cooked just right and had a balance of flavors. The Papaya Salad was very refreshing and just the right amount of dressing. The unique dishes here is what makes this place a must. If you looking for mint and chicken, you can get that anywhere, read the reviews as you enter the restaurant and try something different and authentic to the region, you won't be dissapointed.", "Yeah - this place is the bomb.\nPerfect food.  Good service, great wine list.\nThe sausage with fried rice is not to be missed.  It explodes in the mouth.\nAmazing selection of German wines.\nDestination restaurant.", "mmmmm!!!!! good ass thai! crab fried rice and beef lard na! and of course ground basil chicken. good idea to make reservations sometimes this place is crazy jammed!!!!!!!!!!\n\n\ni love this place. ive seen alot of bad rating, but this place is good.. must be one of those hit or miss...", "so, i was gung-ho for the level 9 spiciness. nate talked me into the level 8.  after the apetizer plate, i was sweating so bad that they sent out a thai iced tea just to help.  this was spicy nirvana.  the drunken soft shell crab is easy top five of all food experiences. the cherry on top of my las vegas sundae........"]
[2009, "season1"]	["3.5 stars\n\nI've now come to this restaurant three times and its been hit or miss.  Sometimes I have a great meal and sometimes it's a mediocre meal at best.  \n\nSome dishes that stick out in my mind:\n\nSoups: I've had a few different soups, but they've all been really good.  When they ask you how hot you'd like it, from a scale of 1-10, they aren't messing around.  I had the 3 and was really feeeling the heat.  Don't take the heat for granted.\n\nCrispy Sea Bass and Drunken Noodles: Waaaaay overpriced.  For $23, you'd expect a lot more.  What you get are a few small crispy fillets on top of a square chunk of chow fun noodles.  Nothing special for $23.\n\nGarlic Prawns: I think these were around $20.  What I really like about these is that the skin is mostly peeled off and attached just at the base and they deep fry the whole thing.  The flavors are great and I highly recommend the dish...albeit a bit overpriced.  \n\nThey also have an extremely impressive wine list with like 7 pages of rieslings.\n\nI feel like the food here is good, but I'm not sure if it's anything truly spectacular that everyone has made it out to be.", "4.5 stars\n\nThis is the best Thai food I've had in Las Vegas and some of the best I've had anywhere.  I've been here many times for lunch, and I try to get there before 11:45am because often a line starts forming at noon.\n\nI had the buffet once, and it was so-so  All the other times were ordered from the menu.  My fav is the panang curry - they do a great job with it.  Sweet, spicy, a lot of depth and subtle flavors.  \n\nThe one thing that's inconsistent there is the spice level.  I've ordered a 9 and it wasn't so spicy while other times Ive ordered a 7 and it was spicy as a regular 9.", "Ate at Lotus of Siam again last weekend. Yum! Mr. Tracy A. tried one of the northern Thai dishes with jack fruit -- a departure from what you usually see on a Thai menu. It was delicious, with a spicy tomato-y broth. I'm even willing to forgive them for making a mistake with our order, because they corrected it promptly and were very nice about the whole thing. I had a #55 -- I rarely order beef with Thai meals, but the flavors were so tempting that's what I had, and am glad I did.\n\nI would award 4.5 stars if Yelp would let me. I must say that their Nam Sod wasn't as good as other times. (Plus, they couldn't get me a simple order of sticky rice to go with my Nam Sod. They were very, very busy that day since it was a holiday, Jan 2.) But their food is delicious, with a really wide range of menu options. I'd love to be having lunch there again right about now. I suppose the one thing I would most like to change about L of S is the atmosphere -- oftentimes you're stuck sitting very near the buffet. It's great when you can get seated in the separate little room, off toward the front of the restaurant.", "Dined here last Saturday with a group of fellow Angelenos.  I give this place 3 stars because though the food was good, it wasn't exceptional, and the biggest faux pas for me?  Tiny portions at a Thai place that looks like a hole in the wall.  I mean, the prices looked fair enough on the menu, and the decor reminded me of most Thai places I've frequented in LA, but the portions were more in line with upscale, overpriced restaurants you find in LA.  I was like, where's the rest of the food?  And it's not like we even had to wait as we made a reservation ahead of schedule and were seated immediately, so my dining experience should've been more positive, right?\nOn a positive note, as I mentioned before, the food was good and the service for the most part is quite good.  However, I've had comparable Thai food in similar Thai places for a third of the price.", "I actually wanted to give only 4.5 stars but there are no half stars on Yelp!  Don't you hate it when that happens?\n\nI went to Vegas during MLK Day weekend with my boyfriend and two friends.  Had fun, ate a lot, gambled a lot, drank a lot.  What a great way to end our weekend here at Lotus of Siam.\n\nWe went for lunch around 12pm on MLK Day on our way back to Orange County.  We were a bit fearful (or at least I was) of our luggage being in the car as we ate since the plaza looks really ghetto.  We got there a bit too late being as there was a group of extremely eager eaters who got there about half a second before us and took the last open table.  The wait wasn't as bad as I expected from other reviews here.  We waited for only about 10 or 15 minutes for a table.  But, being as hungry as we all were, that wait seemed like an eternity.\n\nWe ordered pad thai, papaya salad, a red curry dish, fried tofu, and beef salad (I think it was the #58 or something).  Pad thai was amazing!  One of the best I've ever had.  The papaya salad was good too, but I've had better at some other Thai restaurants.  The red curry dish was good, but it is spicier than you will expect it to be.  My favorite of them all was the FRIED TOFU!  it's just deep fried tofu with I think what was a sweet and sour sauce with peanuts.  It doesn't sound very fancy, but the sauce just makes the dish complete.  The tofu is of the right crispness and it just melts in your mouth.  The beef salad was only mediocre in comparison to the other dishes.\n\nI only want to deduct half a star because first, there were no mangoes for the sticky rice w/mango dish, which I was half expecting.  Second, when I asked for fried banana with the dish instead of the mango, they didn't have the sticky rice!!! But do not fear.  I left still happy and satisfied. \n\nWe have made this a staple for any Vegas trips in the future :)", "I agree this is worth the taxi fare from the strip.  I especially enjoyed the flight of Reislings, but of course the Thai food was also very good.  Lotus of Siam is good enough and memorably enough that I'll make an effort to visit again next time I'm in Vegas.", "I ate here tonight with the bf and a friend.  I think the place was good, but maybe over rated.  I would suggest to call for reservations if you plan to have dinner there; there was a huge crowd waiting at 8:30 (the place closes at 9:30!).  The place was still packed at 9:30.  \n\nService was good even though it was very busy.  \n\nSince I saw so many 5star ratings, I was expecting the food to be better than my usual Thai places.  I have tried millions of Thai places in San Francisco (my hometown) and I like the food better at the usual Thai spots.  \n\nFood:\nPork satay - fav dish of the night.  not overcooked and very flavorful.\nNorthern larb - this dish was ok.  The larb I usually order has more flavor.  This might be because it was \"Northern\" larb, but I still like the usual larb I order.\nRoasted duck curry - this dish was good, but not the best I've had.  I would say this is my favorite Thai dish and there are about 3 other Thai places that make this dish better.", "I had the lunch buffet and my husband ordered off the menu today.  The buffet was just ok...2 soups (the beef noodle was tasty), egg rolls, chicken curry, pad thai, white & fried rice, salad, fruit, and a few more items.  My husband had a delicious soup (don't remember the name), a shrimp appetizer wrapped in bacon and wanton that was good, and for entree - drunken noodles with sea bass.  I would suggest ordering off the menu as the buffet was definately not representative of the excellence of the food.  \n\nI must say though, Amarind's in Chicago is even more delicious...at a similar price point.", "I made reservations for LOS long before arriving in Vegas for my first ever visit after hearing so much about it on the chowhound message board.\nI became sketched out when both the employees at the Palazzo and my cabbie had never heard of the place and I had to give directions.  The next thing I know, we're off the strip and getting dropped off at what appeared to be a run-down strip mall.  Queue the dirty look from the girlfriend.\nI was somewhat relieved once inside LOS, although wasn't sure what to expect given that there wasn't anything too special about what was inside.\nAnyway, all that really matters is that the food is amazing.  I eat a lot of Thai food and generally find it hard for a restaurant to do it really poorly or really well, and LOS managed to impress me.  Her specialty is Northern Thai dishes, so be sure to try something you may not be accustomed to if you're used to Bangkok Thai food, like I am.  The best part of all is that the food is incredibly reasonably priced.\nAlso the first thai restaurant I've been to with a wine list (though small)!\nBe sure to check out the pictures on the wall of all the celebrities that have been patrons (including many famous chefs)!\nAs mentioned in the other reviews, reservations are key.  This place is often booked up days in advance.\nI give it 5 stars for terrific value, superb Thai cuisine, and for being a refreshing break from the over-the-top glitz (and price) of the strip.", "I really like Thai food and Lotus has some of the best I've had.  The key here is to order off the specialty menu, I love the Issan Sausage, The Tom Kah Kai Soup, and the Thai Green Curry.  The only reason this is not a 5 star review is three words: location , location, location! That strip mall is scary!!! and as a wheelchair user, it is very difficult to get into the building itself.", "I've been here a few times now, and how come I've never seen a Thai person eat here????  The food is definitely good, but the best???  I would say it's good, but not great.   Very touristy and the prices are also a bit high.  The portions are kind of small too.  For those of you who have been to some of the GREAT Thai places in Thai Town in Hollywood, you'll be disapointed in this place!", "If you live in the area and are able to drop in regularly, good for you. But for those of us who get to Vegas a couple times a year, the visit to Lotus of Siam must be meticulously planned.\n\n* Time your attack. If you're in town for a major convention you have to get there VERY early or else make reservations well in advance for a large party, otherwise you will wait 90 minutes or more. (If you want to call ahead, note that when the restaurant is closed, up till 5 pm, they simply don't answer the phone.)\n\n* Be sure your hotel room has microwave and refrigerator. That way you can order with abandon and know you can take the leftovers to enjoy another day.\n\n* When they ask you \"how spicy\" tell them no more than a 5 or 6 or you truly will have your taste buds blown away. I say this as someone who regularly puts Tabasco in many dishes at home.\n\n* Take time to study the enormous menu (grab one while you're waiting for a table}, or just throw yourself on the mercy of your server after telling them you want the northern/Issan dishes. You will note that many of the salad-y dishes have common ingredients of chili and lime and red onion. Don't get more than one or two of these unless you are at a big table sharing because the flavors will be too close together and the chilis will blow you away for the rest of the meal. Likewise, the finely chopped Issan dishes are complex and subtle but they are close enough in flavor that they should be enjoyed on subsequent visits, not on the same night. (Unless, again, you are a large party and can order a few of these to share and sample.)\n\n* If you're there at lunch, resist the temptation to just get the inexpensive buffet. It's totally different stuff.\n\n* Pace yourself and use discipline when tasting among the different dishes. The food arrives when it is ready; the kitchen seems to have no interest in giving you a soup first, then a salad, then a more substantial dish with rice. If you want your meal organized this way, you'll have to do it yourself. \n\nIf I am by myself, here's the strategy I will use for my next several visits as I order my way through the menu.\n\n* Start with a soup. Most of these are Thai standards but the kitchen is so good with different ingredients I would expect them to be great renditions. Anyway, you can't go wrong with the Northern Style Thom Kha Gai (item M on the Northern menu): amazingly light, fresh tasting, spicy and redolent of lemon grass, a perfect food I could gulp by the quart.\n\n* Now a northern/Issan specialty--or two or more, if you're sharing. Have this before the salad because the flavors are subtle. Some favorites are Nam Kao Tod (crispy rice with very finely chopped sausage) and Kang Hung Lay (garlicky northern pork stew, a smallish portion). This last visit I had #61 Hok Mok Plar, catfish \"in a hok mok chili sauce\" which is like a curry, but eggy--strange and wonderful.\n\n* Now a Thai salad, which you've resisted or just nibbled at because of the chili factor. On your first visit, the choice is simple: crispy catfish salad. It's like a good green papaya salad, but with amazing bits of fish. My last visit I had #14 Larb Koong and was very pleased. Catfish again, but finely chopped, marinated and folded into crispy rice.\n\n* At this point you have spent a lot of money and you probably aren't particularly full, so I would pad my menu with a curry served with rice. My last visit I tried Kha Nom Jean Nam Ngyow (#G on the northern menu, rice vermicelli curry) and was disappointed--oily and not a lot of flavor. Next time I'll try a standard Panang or red or green curry which will also bring my per-item average cost down. \n\n* Dessert? I am generally too sated when I get to this point but if you want dessert the mango with sticky rice is a delightful and popular choice.\n\n\n* Don't be shy about asking the kitchen to pack the uneaten bits to go--they expect this. They get a lot of takeout orders from people who are taking the food on the plane, or get frustrated at a 2 hour wait for a table. And it's your food--you've paid for it!", "Oh my, is this place fantastic! Best thai food I've ever had. You must have the Nam Kao Todd.", "Okay the bar is set high even before you get seated. Award winning Thai food featured in Gourmet magazine and the list goes on and on in the waiting area..go ahead read. Overall prettty good Thai food but not the best I'd ever had. A word of warning I like my food spicy but the medium woke me up QUICKLY and the portions are small. \n\nWe meaning 6 of us had \n\nGreen Papaya Salad X2 (ask for mild..you'll thank me later) we had it medium \nPork Larb.. tasty but okay \nFish Cake Patties...flavorful \nYellow Curry with Beef....comforting but ok\nBamboo Shoot Curry.....Whou hou spicy guud! \nChicken Pad Thai...love my noodles!! \n\nOver all...good. Would I come agian...hmmmmm...yeah. Call ahead for reservations gets crazy busy! :) A bit overated. Enjoy!!", "Spectacular, Spectacular, Spectacular, Wonderful !!!\n\nMy X and I went to vegas, and the trip was horrible (nuff said.....)\n\nFortunately  I have one amazing memory from the trip, and it was a hole in the wall called (Lotus of Siam)!  After our first day in the blistering hot desert we had the chance to hit up this savory little thai treasure.  \n\nEating here was a sensational taste journey into an adult willy wonka wonderland of thai delicacies both salty and sweet.  I will be back someday, and next time I will make sure i go with many~many~many friends so I can sample their entire menu of heavenly food.  \n\nIf I had a choice to live in peaceful blissful heaven with great food.  Or burn in hell every day for the rest of my mortal and immortal existence but partake in daily trips to Lotus, I'd choose an eternity in hell without thinking twice!\n\nLotus of Siam is the best thai food i've had to date in the US.", "Thai food. mmmmhmmmmm, this is one of the better thai restaurants that i've been to in the States. I live in the Bay Area so there is lots of thai food, but coming here to this hole in the wall in the middle of nowhere to eat was a delight. \n\nDefinitely recommend people to come here, even though it is off the strip.", "Thank you Leo C. for a fabulous restaurant recommendation. When entering, awards from Gourmet magazine, best of las vegas, cabbies choice, newspaper articles align the walls. My expectations were raised a bit higher. Wow, did this place deliver. \n\nThe menu is in a form of a book and it takes about 20 mins. to read through and make very important dining decisions. I would highly suggest dining with a large party so you're able try all of the restaurant specialties and the Chef's choice's.\n\nIt was just the two of us and we must of looked famished because we ordered half the menu. It was my last dinner in sin city and I wanted to win the gold medal of gluttonous overkill.\n\nWe ordered the crispy duck panang. Holy shit this is fcking awesome. The salt and pepper prawns with drunken noodles. Huge mutherfcking prawns, delicious. Spicy thai beef jerky, they need to bag this and sell it to cowboys. YUM. Fried chicken wings sauteed in garlic. Yes Yes Yes. A cold beef salad with lime, very refreshing. Crab fried rice and softshell crab curry. Why don't all thai places serve food like this? Chicken pad thai, this dish I didn't care for, I've had better. The quality of the food is by far better than any other thai place I've been to. The menu is very diverse, I would recommend it to anyone wanting to get away from the same standard fare that the casino's have to offer.\n\n5 amazing stars.", "The thai food here is beyond good. I love the thai wings and everything else on the menu. The friend fish is sooooo gooooooood!!!!!!!!!! I lived in vegas and can honestly tell you that the drive off the strip is the only way to go and to come to this restaurant is just a treat. The place has such loyal patrons that the will save seats even when there is a line forming outside. That is how loyal people who come here are. When you make reservations, you will show up because the food is that good.", "This is some fantastic Thai food.  This is basically the ultimate hole-in-the-wall with awesome food.\n\nIt's located in a shady strip mall on Sahara, near Maryland, actually really near the Green Door, if that tells you anything about the neighborhood.  Look it up.\n\nThe food beyond makes up for the area, though.  We shared the spicy Thai wings, which were amazing.  I had the roasted duck curry with a heat level of 6 (out of 10), and it was like I died and went to curry heaven.  Le sigh.\n\nI'm a big fan of all things spicy, and I thought the 6 was just about perfect.  Hot enough to make me sit up and notice, but not so hot I couldn't taste the delicious curry and duck.  I could've probably handled a 7 or 8, but I would've had tears in my eyes.\n\nHands down, this is some of the best Thai food I've had.  Ever.  And I eat a lot of Thai food.\n\nOddly enough, they actually have a great wine list, so if you're interested in that, it's a cool experience.   It makes dinner a bit pricey (for Thai food), but it's a nice addition.\n\nI can't say enough good about Lotus, just go and enjoy!", "This place is a little overrated -- or maybe we ordered the wrong things -- either way, Lotus of Siam did not live up to our expectations! Sure the outside is a little run down but coming from San Francisco, I know that the best places are the small holes in the wall! We ordered an order of the chicken wings, a papaya salad, a tom yum noodle soup.. and the last one I don't remember. It's not bad but I've had better. \n\nThey get 2 stars for the food and an extra star for fitting us in on a Friday night. We were told when we approached the hostess that it's fully booked and we had to wait at least an hour for a table for 4... the hostess then told us to wait 5 minutes and gave us a table!\n\nIf you've never had Thai food, this is a good first!", "Very authenic Thai cruise, one of the best tasting food! Very very spicy though, even after we ordered mild. I recommend the crispy duck 5 stars. Very fresh sea bass (although the portion was tiny) 4 stars. The beef and potatos in the curry was beyond tender and melts in your mouth 4.5 stars! The spicy sausage didn't really do it for me 2 stars. It was a bit spicy and dry. Overall, the experience was fantastic. Definitely a gem in the off vegas strip. I would prefer this over any buffet type food anyday.", "We came here for lunch buffet and dinner.  Lunch buffet was a bargain but didn't have too much variety.  The curry chicken was tasty.  Dinner was a bit of a letdown considering how high our expectations were.  The common thread to the dishes we had was that they were super thai spicy even though we asked for medium.  When we were in thailand, some food was spicy but theirs was certainly way more.  Water and rice couldn't help.  I wonder if that's their trick.  To get your taste buds so numb that you can't taste anything.  Overall, it was good but not as good as Sripraphai in NYC.  Sripraphai may have less heat but is full on flavor.", "What an amazing find but MAKE RESERVATIONS!  \n\nOne review I read somewhere said this was the best Thai food in North America. I've had some excellent Thai food in Chicago and this place was easily one of the top five I have had. Wife and I went here on our last night in Vegas and it was a real treat. We started with a fish cake, Issan style beef jerky, and a crispy rice with sour sausage. The first two were very, very good and the third was OK. The jerky was excellent and not too tough. It had very interesting spices and the sauce gave it a nice kick.\n\nWe decided to go with the Northern Thai menu options since they seemed really unique. I went with Kang Hung Lay (Pork Stew Northern Curry) which is described as being \"almost sweet\". It wasn't but it was very spicy. Not quite Thai spicy, but a litle strong. It did not have as much sauce or broth as I was excpecting but it was a nice portion size and was well seasoned besides the spice. Wife went with Khao a Burmese influenced Northern Thai egg noodle served in curry sauce and coconut cream. Waiter recommended beef and it was an excellent dish. For dessert we shared a nice dish of coconut ice cream which was a perfect end to the meal.\n\nWe arrived at 7:30 for our reservation on a Friday and there was consistently between 5 and 10 people waiting for a table. Call ahead an make reservations. It may not look like much from the outside and the mall it's in is a little sketchy (multiple 'social rooms' like the Green Door and other similar places) but this is an excellent and popular restaurant. If you enjoy Thai food, this place is not to be missed. Why only 4 stars? Well, it isn't actually the best I've ever had but it is very, very good. There were a few things that didn't quite wow me but on balance a great meal that capped off a great vacation.", "Worth the taxi ride from the strip.  Some of the best thai food I have had in the US. \n\nThe beef tartar appetizer is spicy and is unusual.  Quite good.  The tom young soup is a high quality and spicy version of the standard.  Don't miss the crispy duck - so delicious and comes in the best curry sauce.", "You know there has to be something special about this place if people like Mario Batali and Tyler Florence eat here. We started off with the chicken wings. I can bathe in that sauce. The roasted duck curry was really good. It's one of those really good hole-in-the-wall places that totally exceeds expectations. I definitely plan on coming back here to try other dishes.", "\"The Single Best Thai Restaurant in North America'--not my words, Jonathan Gold's. But as the resident LA critic extraordinaire, Gold's recommendation certainly warranted an investigation. So on my post-new year's trip to Vegas, I convinced my friends to go Lotus of Siam. I can't say if S. Irene Virbila's claim \"that there's nothing as good--or lip-numbingly hot in LA\" is true since I haven't properly explored Thai Town in North Hollywood, but I can say that Lotus of Siam can be worth the trip.\n\nNow when I say that Lotus of Siam is worth a trip, I didn't necessarily mean a drive from Los Angeles. It's certainly worth a dinner from anywhere on the Strip (being about 3 miles off-Strip). But I wouldn't leave California for this food with the diverse Thai options here in town. Still, I wouldn't consider a foodie's visit to Vegas without a meal at \"the best Thai restaurant in North America.\"", "okay this place looks ghetto as hell!! I mean it is just UGLY outside. But once you step in, it's much better. The decor isn't great but the food is absolutely amazing. I tried the appetizer fried tofu and omg the sauce is heavenly! The pad thai had the perfect texture. Everything we ordered was beyond  my expectations. If you're goin to vegas, you definitely need to stop by if you're love Thai!", "okay. this was my first vegas thai spot that i just discovered. it is one of the best ive ever had. i live in San Francisco where there are thai restaurants on every block, but this is fan-eff'n-tastic. their fried tofu appetizer is SOOO good. their sauce was amazing. i just wish i can get the recipe for that. \n\ntheir seafood drunken noodle & pad thai was HELLA good and i just have no complaints....except for the ghetto plaza its located in. oh and we missed the buffet. boo. def coming back next time for that.\n\n:D", "went back again and had the crispy rice salad, which i was craving, the issan sausages, the number 58 (spicy beef on cabbage), red northern curry, pad thai. delicious. \n\ni'm glad i tried a lot of these different dishes this time. the curry is not the thick coconut based kind. it's more like a light soup with curry flavors. very delicious and not heavy at all. the sausage was great, too though i do prefer mine with more acidity (like at ord noodles in thai town, LA). the #58 was a hit. we asked for it extra spicy and thought we were going to die. just the way we like it. the pad thai was good, too. \n\nwe asked the servers what to get and got what they recommended. after we ate, we realized we should have taken heed to one of their suggestions to get lobster. darn... it looked so good, teasing us from another table."]
[2009, "season2"]	["As Thai cuisine goes this is not your ordinary Thai restaurant, so be prepared to order a little differently than you might otherwise do. There are items on this menu that are absolutely magical, and are best eaten at a 7-8 level of heat. They are the Crispy Duck with Cream Cognac sauce, the Soft Shell Crap Salad, the Tom Kah Kai soup, and the Spicy Catfish with basil leaves. \n\nThey have an incredible wine list with lots of depth including  many Riesling flights. Rieslings pair marvelously with spicy Thai. They have even brought samples to the table to help us decide which to chose.The proprietor is well known in town for his cellar, and his markups are very reasonable. It's also a pleasant surprise to have wine presented so elegantly in this location (just as one would expect in a Michelin rated establishment.) \n\nAs for the dishes you would order in other Thai restaurants such as Larb, and Pad Thai - stay away from them - this is not the place. Be prepared to wait unless you make reservations the day before. Being locals, we expect a 45 minute wait.", "BEST THAI!!! When the taxi driver first dropped me off in front of Lotus of Siam, I wasn't immediately impressed. The strip mall this restaurant sits in is a little run down and the restaurant itself looks pretty bland and unexciting. This, however, was going to all change once I sat down and ordered the food. I am going to start off by saying that I have had TONS of Thai places, tried TONS of different variants of the same staple dishes. This place completely blew my mind. We ordered the crab fired rice, beef panang, garlic shrimp, and the nam kao tod. My favorite dish was the beef panang which was absolutley amazing. The slices of beef were huge and tender all the way through. The curry sauce was nice and thick and chock full of flavor. I litterally could have sat there all day with that sauce and just ate it with rice. \n\nYou know a place like Lotus of Siam is good when you've got chefs like Guy Savoy coming here to eat. If you're ever in Vegas, make sure you hit this joint up and try to get there before they actually open for lunch because there's going to be a line outside for sure.", "Best thai food i've ever had.  The menu is hugeeee, over 100 different items. It took me at least 15 minutes to decide what I wanted to order because everything sounded so good.  There was sooo much stuff that I really wanted to try.  I ended up going w/ some spicy catfish over lettuce (forgot what it was called, but it was good).  We also had a spicy catfish soup and stuffed chicken wings.  The portions are pretty good sized, so it was a lot of food.  The 4 of us were stuffed.  After the appetizers before our entrees came, we decided to order their crab fried rice too (which my friend told me was awesome), they took our order for that and our entrees came out.. and we got full halfway through eating it.  We could barely eat anymore... luckily our waiter knew that and didn't put the order in yet, thank god.  \n\nThe food here is VERY spicy, watch out for how spicy you order things.  It's from 1-10, and the 7 is extremely hot, even though i eat spicy food all the time.  The soup we ordered was 7, and i was dying and sweating non stop.  I asked if they had milk to cool down the spicyness, and the waiter laughed at me :( (as did everyone else at the table).  then i asked if i could change my entree from a 7 to a 2, and he said no too late, and laughed again :(.  But i was soooo happy he was just kidding when he brought my entree out and they changed it.  I think the next time I go, i'd probably go with a 4.\n\nThe wait was kind of long though, about 45 minutes, but well worth it.  We tried to make reservations, but it was a Friday night and they said they didnt take them that night.  \n\nThe service was awesome... The waiter was really nice and friendly, made lots of recommendations, checked on us all the time even though they were extremely busy.\n\nPrice wasn't bad, they have lots of entrees between $10 - $20.  For the four of us, with drinks, entrees, appetizers, and soup, it was $140 total w/ tax.\n\nAlso not only is the menu huge, the wine list has a very large selection too.\n\nI'm definitely coming back here the next time I'm in Vegas.", "Excellent menu with diverse items you don't see in your typical thai restaurant. Absolutely worth trying! \n\nIf you are looking for pad thai, eat somehwere else.\n\nThe wine and beer list is very impressive.\n\nThe thai iced coffee was blacker than squid ink, but not overpoweringly strong.", "Excellent vegetarian Jain food.\n\nThis is probably the best thai food I have eaten.\n\nThe service is superb. The person who took the order was very patient as we had too many questions and requests ( not to put onion, garlic, fish sauce, oyster sauce, eggs) and he was so helpful. The other person who served us with water and drinks was also very courteous.\n\nWe ordered the following items:\nPanang Curry (regular with onion and garlic)\nDrunken Noodles (veggie- Jain)\nThai Fried Rice(veggie - Jain)\nFried Tofu\n\nThe lemon-lime drink and the iced-tea were also good.\n\nThey gave a decent quantity of rice with the food too and we did not need to ask for any more rice (some places they give you small bowls of rice and then you end up ordering extra rice bowls)\n\nWould definitely visit it again when I am back in Vegas.", "First tip - bring lots of people!! There are many dishes that you're going to want to try and it's best to achieve this 'family style.' Food, the way it's meant to be enjoyed - with others.\n\nI'm still struggling with an internal debate of whether the place is overrated or if it is because we didn't get to try EVERYTHING on the menu... :P\n\nMake reservations! The place fills up and you'll need them if you wish to eat.\n\nI didn't get to try the buffet, but I hear that it is only offered for lunch and the quality/food is different (note... not better or worse).\n\nMy friend and I ordered foods that we typically order from other Thai restaurants (for comparison purposes). We had the pad thai, pad see ew, green curry and drunken noodle with seafood.\n\nI'm a little indifferent about the pad thai. My friend and I noticed that the tamarand sauce wasn't as strong so more of the other flavors came through (oils, peanuts, tofu, etc.). This can be interpreted as being a little more bland, but also appreciated since it wasn't overwhelming. My friend said that he's had better green curry. I haven't, but then again I haven't had too much of a comparison. The drunken noodle seafood was GREAT! With a plethora of seafood sprinkled all over a mound of noodles (flat rice noodles). This was all covered with gravy and makes my mouth water even now. The pad see ew was also delicious!\n\nI will be returning. In this next trip I hope to try their soft-shelled crab, lobster, beef jerky and catfish... I can't wait!\n\nBe ware... the strip mall/neighborhood isn't the greatest....", "Hands down, one of the best Thai restaurants in Las Vegas!\n\nI always experience a great meal here and if you like Riesling? They have a great selection which goes well with the food. I recommend everything on the menu try it at least once. Come with a large party so you can order many different dishes.\n\nItems that i have tried here:\n\n1. Thai beef Jerky - \n2. Beef pad se ew - \n3. Shrimp panang - \n4. Fried Shrimp appetizer \n5. Sea bass \n6. Catfish filets\n7. baby corn with sauce\n8. raw sweet shrimp\n9. duck with chuchee sauce\n10. to yum soup\n11. pad thai\n12. crispy rice\n13. stuffed chicken wings\n14. red and yellow curry with any meat\n\nThe only down side is that it is located in commercial center. This shopping center has been here for ages and it shows. I still give it 5 stars because of the excellent food and great service.", "I really just don't get why my friends seem to fall all over themselves when it comes to this place, but I am talked into going just about every time I'm in Vegas.  Maybe I'm spoiled by all the great Thai food in Chicago?  I don't know.\n\nEvery time we come here, there is a huge wait and we end up waiting 45 minutes for a table.  Once we are seated, the service is usually pretty slow and inconsistent.  The servers are always friendly enough, but considering that we are usually about to eat our arms off after the wait, we're looking to get just about anything on our table.  OK, maybe we're not the best judges of pace.\n\nThis is a beer and wine place, and this time I chose the beer option.  I was impressed by their selection of beers from around the globe.  Guinness at a Thai place?  OK!  In fact I probably would have ordered another.  Where was that server again?\n\nThe food here is always just ok for me.  This time I went with the Musaman curry.  I asked for it \"spicy, not spicy like people who think they eat spicy, spicy like actually spicy.\"  They made it just perfect.  It was delightfully spicy, but not run around the room spicy.  Yummy.\n\nThis place is relatively inexpensive, but not cheap, especially considering the $20 cab ride from the strip.", "I was here in Vegas a few weeks ago with some friends, we decided to try this place. The wait was about 45 minute, the food was really good. When I opened the menu, everything looked and sound so appealing. We will definitely be back here again for Thai food. It is really really decious!", "If you're going to take anything away from any review here, take this:\n\nAMAZING WINE LIST\n\nThis place was rated the top Thai place in the country. While I wouldn't necessarily go that far, it's absolutely excellent. The food is well prepared, you can order it as mild as a \"1\" and as hot as a \"10.\"\n\nI was told that this place is frequented by chefs and restaurateurs alike in Las Vegas, and they liked it so much that they handpicked a wine list for it.\n\nWhile I was \"boring\" and went with a pad thai, I was very satisfied. I got it as a \"6\" and my mouth was burning. We paired a sweet riesling with dinner and it was excellent. \n\nHere's the standard review cliff notes for this place: Located in a seedy strip mall, amazing bang for the buck, great wine, great food. Great for locals and foodies, but will most likely never be found by the standard tourist.", "Please do me a favor. Press Ctrl+F. Now, in the box that comes up, type the word \"overrated\". Tell me how many reviewers find that this place is extremely hyped up, for a reason I can't understand. \n\nJust had to get that out. Now the food is good, on my only visit there I only had the opportunity to try the beef salad, chicken pad thai, basil beef and pad-ka-pow. They were decent, but the portions are a tad bit small for the prices. Restaurant is relatively small, and the service was above average. Overall, if I'm in the area, I'd definitely come back again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here. Definitely, overrated. See for yourself.", "THis place was not bad but not worth missing the other so  many superior restaurants in Vegas for. I prefer THAI in Shirlington in Arlington Virginia to this place any day.  I am not sure that it has deserved all the press.  It is just not all that!", "The claims made about the food at this restaurant have likely caused this placed to be rated lowly by people here who were expecting the most incredible dining experience of their lives.  Well, this isn't a fancy restaurant, it's not in a nice area, and nobody should ever get the buffet.\n\nIf you do go here, don't order items that you have enjoyed at your neighborhood Thai restaurant back home.  The best items on the menu here are the ones that you probably have never eaten before.  A lot of the things that are staples at Thai restaurants are served at Lotus of Siam, but they are not done with a flourish and they might even be disappointing.\n\nI've eaten at this restaurant about a dozen times, and there have been some mediocre meals and some truly outstanding meals.  The charbroiled beef dishes are all excellent, the seafood dishes are consistently great, and some of the curries are interesting and delicious.  There are some good dishes on the Northern menu, but there have been some that I haven't enjoyed as much.  The first time I went to Lotus of Siam I ordered the crispy rice appetizer, and I have ordered it on every subsequent visit.  The flavor of that unusual dish is simply amazing.  Also, the coconut ice cream with sticky rice is a perfect end to a spicy Thai meal, and at $4 it isn't too costly, either.\n\nSo, if you want to enjoy the food here, don't go for something you've already had elsewhere.  Ask the waiter for a recommendation (they have ALWAYS given me good advice), get the crispy rice, a glass of Riesling, and finish up with dessert.  Oh, and make a reservation, or you'll be waiting a really long time for a table.", "The service is ok, but the food was worth it.  I like the fact that the food is not over priced like in most Vegas eateries.  The wine list is absolutely one of a kind, especially if you like German Reislings!\n\nI would come back, our food was excellent, looking forward to the next trip!", "This is excellent Thai food for sure. They have an appetizer that is beef jerky. In theory that sounds really really lame but it is actually one of the most delicious appetizers I have EVER had. There Tom Yum soup is also really good and if you order it extra spicy it is really EXTRA spicy (which I personally love, but I also love doing the Man V. Food spicy food challenges when I travel so watch yourself if you are sensitive to spice). Good food just go!", "Went there with colleague ... and we loved it! But, we did have to wait 45 minutes on a Thursday night ... reservations are definitely an advantage and highly recommended (along with the WIG SHOP next door)! \n\nHighlights were ... First and foremost ... definitely the FABULOUS wine list (if you like Riesling, you'll LOVE this selection ... and WHAT would better calm your fiery taste buds after some chili paste???) ... the Tom Yum Kai soup is delish (but you'd better enjoy some spicy, tingling lips afterward)... and the sea bass special that was sprinkled with fresh basil, mint and chili oil. OMFG ... YUM! The NUA DAD DEAW ( Beef jerky Issan style) ap had great flavor ... but definitely traditional JERKY STYLE (dry and hard to chew). I've had better Thai-style jerky that was thicker, crispy on the outside, but very tender on the inside. The NAM KAO TOD (crispy rice) was very unique and I would highly recommend. \n\nThis place is definitely worth the trip.", "You will almost never have Thai food like this.  If you do any research on this restaurant, you'll surly find that it's highly recommended and if you go you'll see why.  They will make each dish to your specification in terms of spice.\n\nDo know that the portions are not big in any way but the flavor is wonderful.  You will also be shocked when you find out the place is in a shady area, safe but shady.  And to top it off it's in an obscure strip mall with ample free parking. \n\nLast thing, I believe Zagat Guide said it falls under the top 100 restaurants in ratings.", "the food here is amazing. the wine list... well, i think i'm in love. the service was great too. \n\nwe were visiting from seattle and a friend told us to try this place and i'm so happy we made it. it's worth the rip off of the strip if you a on vacation. EAT HERE. i love thai food and eat it a lot, but lotus offers more unique and northern thai food than i have ever seen in one palce. the food was off the charts- we had a deepfierd rice with pickled sausage and mint appitizer followed by a few recomendatinos from our server which included some of the best cooked duck i have ever had in spicy thai basil sauce. i'll also love this palce for the rest of my life because they have such an amazingly extensive and affordable wine list. i was finally able to try a very specfic bottle of german riesling that i have never been able to afford anywhere else. \n\nbottom line: I FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE. come eat great this food, drink great wine... and make a damn reservation or your gonna be waiting to get it."]
[2009, "season4"]	["(Spoiler warning, I may rant like crazy because I love this place)...\nI actually met the daughter of the owners and she's been trying to get me to eat here for about a year...  I haven't been able to make it back in town for leisure but I finally ended up back in town for business the week of SEMA 2009 (Nov 1-8).\n\nAfter a bit of convincing, we took an entire business dinner here with over 20 people.  Even though we were strange foreigners to the area, we all managed to find it in the dark parking lot of horrors that lured us in away from the shiny flashy neon lights of Vegas. Our dinner party consisted of foodies and hungry men from CA, OK, and Taiwan, and China.\n\nThe menu had what seems like hundreds of various options that I've never even seen on a Thai menu.  Normally I'd just expect Pad Thai, Rad Naa, Pad See Ew and some seafood fried rice, but the menu here was so vast and covered everything from Chilean Sea Bass, to short ribs, beef salads, curries, rices, fried Prawns and the traditional Pad Thai. The 23 of us managed to order almost 30 dishes and we all had the intention of eating individually but we ended up eating family style because we all reacted with the same \"OMG, you MUST try this, it's too good!\" reactions.\n\nThere were soo many dishes ordered that I'm not even going to waste my time trying to list everything out.  Personally, I ordered the Sea Bass w/ Suki sauce and I also managed to try the traditional curries w/ rice, and noodles.  I also bummed someone's beef short ribs and a wonderful sampling of Tom Yum soup.  Seriously, the food was so amazing that we all just shared and the \"business meeting\" ended up turning into a friendly feast.\n\nThe experience was so amazing that I brought a 2nd business dinner there two nights later.  The same exact thing happened as the first too! We ened up eating like a hungry family and no one left unhappy.\n\nSeriously, this is beyond me saying \"some of the best Thai food I've ever had\".  It actually is more like \"some of the best food I've ever had PERIOD\".  Not only is the food here so amazing that it's worth sharing, it's brought some of my most memorable and happiest dining experiences as a group.  \n\nI still get calls from the clients in Oklahoma and reps from Taiwan who say they want to go back. \n\nYes. It's that darn good.  \n\nThank you Lotus of Siam (and Penny) for making us fiend real and amazing Thai food.  \n\nI will forever walk singing your praises...\n\n\"It's so yummy, in my tummy, omm nomm nommm nom!\"", "A friend recommended this place to me saying it was the best thai food ever. After doing some research on the place, I found out J. Gold has said this is the best thai place in north america! I was sold. \n\nI did a lot of research on what to eat and the people I went with don't eat fish but here is my take on our picks:\n\ndrunken noodles with minced chicken - the version on the menu is with seafood so you have to request it but I'm so glad I got it with the chicken instead! it complemented the noodles perfectly. the flavoring and everything was spot on and was probably my favorite dish of the night\n\nspicy pork stew - this was probably the spiciest dish we had. we tried to keep the spice level at a low since one of our friends isn't a spice eater but it still definitely had a kick. out of all of the reviews I constantly saw this dish on the must try list. surprisingly, this was my least favorite dish. since the name has stew in it I figured there would be more of the curry sauce but it was mostly pieces of pork covered in a curry sauce. it was still good...but not a must try for me.\n\ncrispy duck with chili and basil - this is a must eat if you love duck. soooo good!!! it's mostly duck skin and very crispy.\n\ncashew chicken - this was good but nothing special. I read that if you eat here and you want to be blown away you should stick to their specialties: northern thai food. so stay away from anything typical like pad thai or in this case cashew chicken. BUT it was still a delicious item and I had no complaints about it.\n\ncoconut ice cream with fried bananas and sticky rice - I had read that their sticky rice with mangoes is one of the top desserts in the US. Unfortunately, mangoes are not in season in the winter. I was sooo sad. But the waiter recommended this dish which blew us all away. the coconut ice cream was super refreshing and not too coconutty and the sticky rice was PERFECT. I'm drooling just thinking about it....\n\nThai Lime Drink - If you like limes you'll love this drink. It tastes like the vietnamese lime drink to me so it wasn't anything special cuz I drink it everytime I have pho but I love limeade so if you've never had it, definitely order this!\n\noverall, we all had a great meal here and I will definitely be coming back to try some other dishes next time I'm in vegas. Is it the best hai food I've ever had? It might be! I will need to try some more dishes to be sure. The bad part is this place is closed for lunch on the weekends so plan accordingly. Next time I go, I will be trying the crispy rice with sour sausage and the spicy chicken wings! Can't wait!!!", "Best Thai I have ever had, such a bummer when they close for private parties.... Didn't get my fix last time I was in Vegas\n\nKinda hard to find this place, its behind the strip mall of the address it uses.  They close at ten so go early!", "Best Thai food I've had, and I live in L.A.  Unlikely city, unlikely location, a nondescript strip mall on a run-down stretch of Sahara Ave., but oh the food!\n\nI've been here several times now (try to make a couple of visits every time I'm in Vegas, sometimes twice in a day, it's so good).  Great beef salad, excellent curries, grilled chicken, wonderful homemade ice cream.  We've tried a lot of different dishes and everything we've had was great.  Ask for recommendations from the waiter also: that 's how we tried the catfish and the Nam Kao Tod, crispy rice with pork sausage.  They also have a great selection of Northern Thai dishes that you rarely find in other places.  \n\nOnce, we tried to order the mango with sticky rice but they warned us beforehand that the mangos weren't fully ripe and gave us a sampling of the mango to test whether we really wanted it.  It tasted OK, perhaps a little less sweet than a ripe mango in-season.  We decided to go with some of their home-made coconut ice cream instead.  I think this anecdote really shows the detail and care they put into their food.  \n\nThey have a lunch buffet on the weekends (geared more toward the locals or the typical tourist) which I wouldn't recommend, but you can still special order dishes during that time.  They apparently have a world-class wine list as well, but I haven't tried it; with the heat of Thai food, I always find myself craving a beer.  \n\nDespite all the fancy, big-name restaurants in the city, the meals I have here are always the most memorable.", "Came here on the Friday after T-day and were seated in about 3 minutes with no reservations (we arrived about 8:45).  Very easy to find - lots of parking in the rear.  The area is sketchtastic - be prepared.\n\nLOS served the best drunken noodles we have EVER had!  You must order the beef jerky type of app.  It was delicious and something that you could easily become addicted to.  I'm dropping a star b/c the host recommended a level 4 on the northern thai larb dish and it was just tooooooo spicy!  Also, the service after we were seated was a little spotty.\n\nWill def go back next time we are in Vegas!", "Delicious Thai food. Stuffed chicken wings were fantastic. It's in an odd shopping center, but don't let that fool you. This place is amazing.", "Delicious! Best Thai I've ever had. Try the Grilled catfish (believe it or not). Service and atmosphere are nothing special, but not too bad either.", "Delicious, Authentic Thai food! Service is gracious, as they let us sit down for lunch even though we didn't know they closed at 2:30pm, and we came in at 2:28pm. (Oops.) Everything was delicious. Definitely would return.", "Eating here makes you realize why this place is highly lauded and why there is always a wait.\n\nI came after Christmas and the restaurant is half-opened.  The other half is sealed up with drywall, leaving very limited seating and long lines. \n\nAt lunch #1: we ordered off the menu.  \n\nDRUNKEN NOODLES with PRAWNS:  The prawns were fanastically fried, with the shells semi attached, which are like the best shrimp crackers ever.  They were so addictively well fried and well seasoned.  The noodles, however, were sooo meager in portion that it almost makes me angry.  I'd actually consider bartering with the chef.  I'll give her back a few prawns just for a few more noodles.  The dish is littered with fried, seasoned garlicy basil leaves.  Nothing is mixed though so it's a bit of a mystery how to eat this. \n\nPAD THAI:  Tiny little noodles and it makes your neighborhood Thai place embarrassed to use ketchup! \n\nNAM KAO TOD: Crispy rice with sour sausage seasoned with ginger, lime.  OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.  The flavors were so intense and funky.  With a bite of raw cabbage and cucumbers in between each bite of rice, this was my favorite dish of the day. \n\nLUNCH #2:  Lunch buffet.  Vegetarian pad thai, some kind of curry (e.g. red, yellow), vegetable tempura, some kind of soup (e.g. egg drop, hot and sour), fresh fruit, fried rice, white steamed rice, various stir fries, orange chicken.  Only order this if you're wanting huge portions of pad thai.  I did like the banana rolls for dessert.  Banana wrapped in egg roll wrappers along with some shredded coconut and deep fried.  \n\nMmm, next time I'll skip the buffet and order more adventurously off the menu.", "Glad I waited a couple days before finishing this or they would have been lucky to get two stars out of me. I guess it's hard to live up to the \"BEST THAI RESTAURANT IN NORTH AMERICA\" billing. That creates some pretty unrealistic expectations. \n\nStill ... \n\nThe place has a great vibe -- kinda like eating in someone's home. I would suggest that, unlike us, try going when they are not in the middle of their lunch buffet. Even though we ordered off the menu, I think the kitchen struggled to get out of their all-you-can-eat mindset. \n\nThe BEEF JERKY ISSAN STYLE (#13A) was an adventure. Nice as a diner to try something this unfamiliar. Had really interesting flavors but before the beef was jerked the silver skin (tough and bitter) was not trimmed properly (or at all) and some of the bites were chewy in an unpleasant way. \n\nThe NAM KAO TOD (#14 Crispy rice mixed with minced sour sausage) was really amazing. If you like that essential Thai taste of lime, powdered-toasted rice and fish sauce, make a point of trying this dish -- it was very good. The only criticism is when they say minced, they're serious. The sour sausage (which looked suspiciously like tiny cubes of chopped up ham steak) was hard to pick out (tastewise) from the other flavors. We ordered it medium and it was plenty spicy (we had two small children with us). This is a dish that I suspect gets better when you dial up the heat -- but even at medium was outstanding. \n\nI ordered the PORK STEW NORTHERN CURRY (#K. from the NORTHERN menu) and it was good. This is a \"dry\" style curry so if you're looking for lots of gravy to sop up with your rice go another direction. Some of the chunks of pork were fatty and some were a bit parched. I am a sucker for anything braised (I like the mouth feel) but without much liquid everything seemed a little dry. Still, overall, the dish had, as other reviews have mentioned, a nice homey feel. \n\nTHAI LIME DRINK was a nice touch on a hot LAS VEGAS afternoon. \n\nHowever, the YELLOW CURRY (#129 with chicken) was really disappointing. My wife ordered it to share with the kids since it's one of their THAI favorites. In all fairness WYATT, my three-year old, ate more than his share and seemed to enjoy it -- then again he insisted on a McDONALD's happy meal on the drive over from SAN DIEGO. The chicken was grainy. The carrots were really al dente, the potatoes were nearly raw (literally not figuratively) and the yellow-curry and coconut cream base were thin and sadly bland. I think if it sat on a steam table for an hour or two the vegetables would have cooked through and the curry itself would have reduced down and concentrated the flavor. \n\nThe single best THAI restaurant in North America ??? I don't think so but still, for the most part, pretty good.", "Had an early dinner here the Friday after Thanksgiving with my wife and her family. Her parents grew up in Thailand, so they are tough to please with Thai food. But this place was terrific. \n\nIt was a bit tricky to find because it's in a strip mall facing away from the road that the address points you to, so you have to double back around to the parallel street to find the parking lot. But it was worth it.\n\nThe Penang Crispy Duck Curry and the Lad Na were particularly awesome", "I think this place is over-rated. For their high prices, the quality and quantity of food should be much better. We can get Thai food that is at least as good for half the price in Los Angeles. We had the coconut chicken soup which was luke warm when served. My seafood salad dish was acceptable but since it was close to $20, I expected bigger portions. We also had a sausage dish that was very highly rated in the guide books but I found it dry and ordinary (it tasted like something I could have just picked up at a Chinese food store and microwave). We spent over $80 for two adults and two kids and at the end of the meal, I was still hungry.", "I was forced to check this place out during my recent trip. My friend had seen it on some travel show and also had an article highlighting it from a magazine. It was said to be the best Thai restaurant on the west coast. Well after I heard that I had to see if this was true.\n\nWe called to make reservations however they don't take reservations. We took a taxi from our hotel and let me warn you that this is off the beaten path. When we arrive it was about 8PM and I honestly thought we were in the wrong spot. It's located in an old strip mall. \n\nUpon entering we found that the restaurant was packed, that's always a good sign. We sat down and proceeded to order a bottle of wine, Rudi Pichler Riesling. It went very nice with the spicy red curry. I am not a big meat person and would rather not touch the stuff. I do make exceptions and this visit was one of them. My friends and I usually opt for family style dining when we go out. It's no surprise that meat is ordered but I tend to leave them alone. \n\nWe had the Tum Yum soup (I remember this because yum= yummy) which had a little kick but was excellent. Next came the entr\u00e9es, forgive me because I don't have the names. Red curry sauce with duck, and Pad Thai. Remember what I said earlier about meat? Honestly the duck dish was prepared and presented beautifully. I had to take a nibble. The meat was tender but the outside was breaded lightly. Great texture. The red curry was perfect because it wasn't overwhelming and went very nice with the duck. Pad Thai was the best because the noodles were not mushy as some places tend to over cook, and the flavor came alive in my mouth! (I need to go back, my mouth is watering just writing this.)\n\nAfter dinner we finished with some Tozai snow maiden sake and some banana dessert. Both were an amazing finish to a perfect meal.", "I was really excited to finally have tried this place out in Vegas. I've read so many great reviews about this place that I felt that I was ready to experience this myself. \n\nOkay, so you read the reviews about its location and how its in a strip mall and blah blah blah. For reals? Sometimes the best places to get authentic food is hole in the wall joints like this. Love it or hate it that's the truth. \n\nWent with a lot of recommendations on here and ordered from the Northern menu and was not disappointed at all. Definitely grubbin for the three of us. I guess it's hit or miss with reservations because our party of three lucked out and were seated immediately without reservations but 10 minutes later the wait was out the door.  Prolly not the best idea to test your luck.  Call and make a reservation.", "If you're a californian visiting vegas, please drop by this joint for some good wholesome thai food.  We ordered the Pad Thai, Pineapple fried rice, seafood spaghetti, and Tom yum koong(shrimp) soup.  The pad thai and pineapple fried rice was awesome!  the soup was a little on the spicy side and the seafood spaghetti is a seafood lover's dish!  I highly suggest trying this place out if you are craving some asian food.", "Lotus of Siam is the bomb!  Ok... Let me qualify that statement...  The food at Lotus of Siam is the bomb...  The Tom Ka Kai soup was the best I've ever had.  The chicken dumplings were excellent.  The steamed sea bass was succulently fantastic.  The pineapple fried rice was average and the pepper garlic pork was good, but a tad salty for my taste.  Overall, the sum of all the flavor was excellent.  The wine list was huge...  Especially for a hole in the wall place like this...  The only thing the group thought was disappointing was thst the place was kinda dumpy...  Some will argue that's part of the charm, but upon entering, it just didn't feel very clean.  I can live with that and I'd definitely go back.  Great thai food experience!", "One food writer once said that a certain rice dish at Lotus of Siam was nothing short of a worldview. This writer was correct. We had that dish and were blown away, noting that we had never had anything quite like it. We sampled a number of dishes--all of them superb. Jonathan Gold, Gourmet Magazine, said, \"The single best Thai restaurant in North America,\" and this is no exaggeration. You will not be disappointed, though you may have to wait a bit. If you have any doubts just look at their 'resume' on the wall as you enter: just about every major newspaper or magazine in the US raves about Lotus of Siam.", "Sooooo glad we made a reservation.  I recommend you do too.\n\nI can't remember the names of the things we ordered, but everything was delicious, like plate-licking delicious.\n\nWe had the beef jerky-like appetizer, which was excellent.  I ordered Panang and it was fantastic.  \n\nFor dessert I had the coconut ice cream with sticky rice.  Yum.  My friend ordered the sticky rice with mango.  Also yum.\n\nI can't wait to go back!", "The best Thai I've ever had!  Everything was cooked perfectly and they were pretty big portions.  Prices were reasonable, although the seafood dishes were close to the $20 mark.  \n\nWe had:\nTom yum Goong and Tom Yum Kai soup\nFried dumplings\nBeef larb\nCombination fried rice (chicken, shrimp, pork)\nSea bass\nGarlic Prawns\n\nYou HAVE to try this place!!!!!!!", "Very good Thai food!! As soon as you enter the restaurant, you get a wonderful aroma of authentic Thai food. Curry is just amazing. Their spicy can get real spicy. Portion sizes are good. Ambience is very basic lunch room types.", "When you're tired of the over-priced and over-hyped meals in Las Vegas, try this place.\n\nDon't be scared by the look outside.  It's what's inside that counts, and the food is very well done.  The Northern Thai food menu is unlike anything you've run across in a Thai restaurant.  We had the jackfruit curry off that menu, and off the \"regular\" menu some charbroiled beef (the name of which escapes me; sorry).  \n\nThe food was excellent, the service prompt, the value outstanding... and the bathroom was oddly palatial!  :-)", "Yum-o! My husband and I were CRAVING Thai food during a recent Sin-City trip and found Lotus of Siam via Yelp (thanks Yelpers!) and what a little gem! \n\nWe had the pepper cilantro tofu dish, excellent.  The Pad Thai was a little off, but that's the only reason why I docked a star.  The service is great, and it seemed like everyone inside was happy to be there - crazy I know! \n\nI'll be back next time I'm in LV!", "hole in the wall. who knew it would be so popular. photos of celebs that have eaten there on the wall. our party was 11 so it was awesome to have the opportunity to try numerous things. my faves there: pad thai, garlic fried prawns, crispy rice, garlic chicken wings, house fried rice. others that were ok: pad se u, crab fried rice, fried garlic lobster that was $99, some beef dish, some salty citrusy soup. the desert was just ok, probably would not order it again: fried bananas. \ni would def go there again."]
[2010, "seaons3"]	["A perfect 10 in my book.  This IS the best Thai Food in Vegas.  Don't folks know this is where the Chef's go to eat.  I believe all these people who gave it bad reviews were paid to write this, because anyone in thier right mind know this is the BEST!", "After 4-5 hours of driving from LA, fueled only by Starbucks, honeydew, and pure excitement, the crew and I headed out to Lotus of Siam upon the reco of a friend who was here just last week.\n\nThinking that it would be packed as it was last week, we tried calling in to make reservations. To our disappointment, they wouldn't accept reservations on a Friday night so we decided to make it out there anyways. It's not too far off the strip but be sure to have a good lookout because we nearly missed it if a friend had not pointed out an Indian cuisine sign right next to Lotus of Siam.\n\nThis place is literally fabulous! The food is great, service is fast, and the portions are just right (for those who enjoy moderate portions). Please order the following:\n\na) Curry Catfish\nb) Chicken Spicy Fried Rice (spicy level 6)\nc) Seafood Soup\nd) Pad Thai\n\nSeriously, this place is legit. You gotta try it, especially when you're sick of paying ridiculous premiums for food on the Strip.", "After reading the reviews, I wanted to try the restaurant and this is a first that I've ever heard of a Thai buffet offered.  As a big fan of Thai food, I thought I was going to have a great meal, but.........NOT!!!!\n\nLocated in a delapitated strip mall of other restaurants  and shops, this hole in the wall I thought.......might be a surprise and thus this is why there were so many positive reviews on YELP.  However, my experience was not such.\n\nYou walk in and the entrance is small and 3 people can not stand comfortably.  It's a small area then you're at the cashier's and the front room is dated and has painted green lattice partitions.  The rugs appeared dirty and the lighting was dim.  this is the area we were seated.  There's another section to th right of this and you can tell it's a newer updated area and open and looked lighter and cleaner.  the bathrooms appear to be remodeled and was nice and clean.\n\nI wanted to try the buffet for $8.99 that seemed reasonable, but they didn't offer any curry dishes, or popular Thai dishes.  the variety was lacking compared to when you go to an Indian buffet restaurant.  they offered only had about 8 entrees, 2 soups, 6 misc of salad, fried shrimp chips, fried banana, fried curry pouches, apple slices and orange slices and that's it.   I was disappointed and do not recommend their buffet at all.   \n\nthey had 2 types of soups, duck soup which had bits of duck and was greasy and the other was a egg flower soup and was good.   They had pad thai, but it was nothing special, the fried garlic wings was good, the other dishes were just alot of stir fry vegetables, and a chow mein style noodle dish.  a green salad with ranch dressing, I didn't understand how this is Thai....why didn't they have payaya salad.  Overall, it was more of a chinese buffet type food then all Thai food.\n\nMy partner ordered the Pad Sew flat noodle dish, but the waiter came out with another dish altogether.  A disappointment, but he liked the dish anyway.   It was a beef stir fry with cashews and a bowl of rice. \n\nthe waiter charged us for the incorrect dish that cost more, and he wouldn't correct the bill bc he said we accepted the dish and didn't return it back to the kitchen.  He wasn't very nice about this and the mistake was most likely due to a language barrier communication.\n\nSo DO NOT go for the buffet.  Make sure you double check your order to get the right dish...best to point to the item on the menu, since English is not their first language.\n\nMost of the dishes were about $9. to $15. per entree and that's expensive compared to the bay area, probably bc they have to ship it to LV.\n\nI can't comment on their Thai dishes, but can say that the buffet is not worth it, and they should get rid of the buffet or expand it and keep it freshly stocked and not sitting there for so long.  No one refilled any of the pans when I was there.", "Bacon wrapped prawn wontons are unbelievable. The prawns stay tender while the bacon gets crispy. Sauce is perfect as well.\n\nSeabass with drunken noodles is delicious and useful after drinking.\n\nYou'll spend a bit waiting if you don't have a reservation but the bar helps the time go by with a legit wine selection.", "Believe the hype.  This place is the real deal.  Hard to say if it's the best Thai food in the country, but it's easily among the best I've ever had.\n\nEverything was a highlight, but in particular the papaya salad and some chicken dish with Thai basil and mint stand out.  Oh, plus the dessert of mango and sticky rice....yummm\n.", "Best Thai food I've had in the US since I moved back from Asia in 2007...and I've been on a constant quest for good Thai food here. \n\nDon't let the location fool you...go out of your way for this place!", "Best Thai food I've had so far in Las Vegas. We ordered the duck curry, pad see yew, soft-shell crab, beef panang, oyster pancake, a ton of Singha beer, and mango/coconut rice to finish it off.  Place is pretty popular now and even though they expanded, you still need a reservation.  Everything is pretty good and might be better than what I've had in LA.", "Best Thai place in these great United States!\n\nI've lived everywhere...and I would take a flight to Vegas for Lotus of Siam...and not the slots :)\n\nGo for dinner...its packed...virbrant...and the food is world-class!", "Best thai food, i am not too sure. BUT i did have the lunch buffet (8.99), pad thai was ok, the curry had too much ginger. I might have to come back for dinner to experience the full effect. I did try the mango with stickey rice...again, not sure what the hype was....i stick with mango pudding.\n\nService was very good", "Came in for dinner last night and was suprised to see it was very busy for a Sunday evening.\n\nI noticed the menu has been revised and prices on some items have increased.  \n\nThis is what we ordered:\nSeafood soup  5 stars\nPad Woodsen noodles with pork 4 stars\nNua Sao Reno 4 stars\nKang Kare catfish 2 stars\nDeep fried bannanas and coconut ice creme 5 stars\nThai ice tea.\n\nOverall the meal was tasty and very filling. I would pass in the future on the northern Thai Kang Kare catfish which is made with curry and veggies, I prefer the Panang curry with coconut milk which has a thicker sauce and less veggies. \n\nThe highlight of the meal was dessert.  Those fried bannanas are the best I've ever had!", "Every single guide book touts this place as the bomb.  Why is that?  Sure, they admit that the place is a hidden away in a shopping plaza and doesn't look like much but that the food is phenomenal for the price.  It was ok but not quite what the guide books say, which makes me wonder if they got a kick-back for touting this place.  I was just expecting something different.\n\nWe went for lunch.  The food was ok but not the best I've had.  We went with the buffet to have the opportunity to try new things.  It was ok.  Maybe only 1 item on the buffet had any protein in it; most everything else was noodles, rice, and vegetables only.  We were there in the last hour and a half before lunch closed, and there were two buffet items that they never refilled.\n\nThe service was nice but not necessarily the most prompt or attentive.  Twice I had to go seek out my own napkins, and we waited a long time to flag down anyone to ask for the check despite the fact that it wasn't that busy.", "Every. Bite. Was. The. Best.\n\nHere is the thought that kept coming to my head at lunch hour today as I dined on the lunch buffet and watched a group of 4 waiting for their food, \"if you had the buffet, you'd be eating by now\". I'm sure their entree's were good but....", "Hailed as the best Thai food in America I had to try the food. While I haven't tried every Thai restaurant in America to confirm that it is the Best Thai in America, it certainly was the best Thai I have had in America. Located in an unassuming strip mall from the small door that is the entrance betrays the fairly large and decently appointed interior. I highly recommend making reservations as restaurant gets packed quickly.\n\nThe best dishes are in last 4 pages of the 12 page menu under Chefs Selections and Northern Thai. My suggestion would be to tell your waiter what type of food you feel like and let the waiter narrow down the choices for you.\n\nI would certainly come again.", "Having just returned to Las Vegas for a quick business trip early this week, I had to make a few visits to some of my fave haunts when I lived here. Of course, LoS was high on the list and it didn't disappoint!\n\nLoS always gets the following accolades: \"gotten the nod from the James Beard Foundation\", \"the place where all the local chefs come to eat\", \"one of the best Thai restaurants in North America\", blah blah blah. Everyone has said it, heard it and knows it. Whatever. It's great and still my gold standard outside of kidnapping my friend's Thai mom and having her cook my dishes out of my own kitchen!\n\nA few noteworthy changes if you haven't been there in awhile (since March 2010 according to our waiter):\n1. They've expanded into the now defunct Korean restaurant that used to be on the right side of the LoS.\n2. They've remodeled the inside...it's no longer the \"hole-in-the-wall\" greatness it used to be...everything is def. more upscale albeit in the same dive Commerical Center with the Green Door*.\n3. They expanded the old wine \"cabinet\" into a friggin' 15' glass wine cellar centered prominently in the middle of the newly redecorated interior. Way cool!\n4. There's a nice new shiny bar on the far right side of the resto - cool.\n5. 2 sets of bathroom now - the older \"boys\" and \"girls\" side on the left and now the much nicer and (thank God) larger (multi-stalls) \"men\" and \"women\" bathrooms on the left side. No more waiting in the hallways!\n\nA few extra notes/details on the food (this visit):\n1. We ordered four entrees (Pad See Ew, Mee Krob, Tofu Penang Curry and a Northern style curry made with catfish) and 2 apps (Tom Kha Gai and Tod Mun) for 5 people. Plenty of food and everyone finished up the meal for bill of $75 including 4 drinks. Not bad!\n2. Spice level was low for this meal at a \"5\"  b/c we were catering to a wide range of palates, but as a note you can always request the pepper rack for those that want more. Honestly tho, if you do request the \"10\"...it's spicy greatness and you won't be disappointed...but just be aware. I love it at the level. \n3. What I loved the most (generally speaking) was the delicate flavours of the dishes. I didn't find any sort of heavy handedness when it came to the flavor profiles - not too sweet, not too gunky (no fillers), etc.\n4. The Penang was incredible and had this beautiful creamy nuttiness to it....you could taste the complexities of flavours in it - a richness from the coconut milk, not too sweet, with hints of the kefir in it. Just a note, if you haven't been here...most dishes can be substituted for veggie friendly (i.e., tofu) and they willingly suggest it if you can't find something you like.\n5. The Pad See Ew was gorgeous. It had that high heat smoky flavor to it I crave in the dish. Not too sweet and a balanced flavour with the basil leaves - i.e., not overly \"basily\" as some places make it. So good...you could taste the individual ingredients in the dish!\n6. I wasn't a fan of the Mee Krob, but it was tasty and well done. It's just not my favorite dish for Thai cuisine.\n7. The Tod Mun is done the way I like it. Thin patties that are just luscious and perfectly seasoned/fried and complemented with the cucumber dressing. The crispness of the cabbage and the cucumbers provides the perfect textural complement to the home made fish patties with bits of green onions throughout.\n8. The Tom Kha Gai had that nice bit of sourness and just enough heat to start off the meal properly. A very flavourful broth with the bits of lemon grass and galangal throughout.\n9. The unique and different item was the northern Thai style curry - it was very broth-like but good. Almost reminiscent of the Thom Kha Gai, but no lemongrass in it. I actually enjoyed it quite a bit, but found it more mild in taste and the flavours were *VERY* subtle and refined. So, if you're expecting bold typical Thai flavours...be warned and you might want to pass on this dish. Otherwise, it's a nice change from the usual typical dishes one can order.\n\nA few notes on service:\nExcellent as always. Not too invasive, yet not too rushed. We had a leisurely dinner therefor several hours - even after finishing our meal, we sat and continued talking and never once felt like we were being rushed out. They even came by and refilled out drinks while we talked!\n\nIf you haven't figured this out...yeah, I love and miss this place a lot. Living on the east coast now really highlights how different and how much better the Thai food is out west. Eitherway, if you're visiting or you already live in Las Vegas, LoS is a helluva good joint! You won't be disappointed. Now, only if they would Fedex their food.....\n\n*If you have to ask...you don't want to know.", "I must of ordered the wrong items. I liked it but was far from impressed. I'll have to come back and try to find out why this placed is so highly recommended. \nI would not recommend.", "I rarely eat Thai food because the places I go to in L.A. either a) serve it too sweet by putting too much coconut milk or b) make it too spicy or hot that it destroys the taste. I almost decided to give up finding a decent Thai restaurant until 1 day driving to a relatives house in Las Vegas I stumbled to this place. Outside it does not look like much but inside it's wonderful and the food is to die for. For those that love Pad Thai go outside the box and try something different. I tried the Green Curry and love it. The prices are cheap and the food is first rate. Also I love their extensive wine list. Casual feel with excellent food make Lotus of Siam a must visit every time I am in Vegas.", "I've been to Lotus of Siam twice, both times with a friend from out of town who insists on going since it's his favorite restaurant in Vegas. I had heard good things from other people as well but had never gone because it's not particularly close to where I live. I'm happy to report that it lived up to expectations and is certainly worth the drive.\n\nBoth times, I got Sea Bass. The first time, I got Sea Bass on Drunken Noodles which has a chili and Thai basil sauce. Second time, I got Sea Bass Som Thum, which is over a papaya salad. In both cases, the fish was cooked perfectly and the sauces were tasty but nice and light and didn't overwhelm the fish.\n\nLotus of Siam has an extensive wine menu. We had the same waiter both times, and he was very well-versed in the selection and guided us to an excellent pairing on both occasions.", "I've had Thai in Thailand, and Thai in Little Thai in Hollywood.  \n\nI can only speak of dinner here, since I haven't been in for lunch.\n\nFor the US, its pretty close to as good as it gets. I enjoy it more than Palm in Hollywood.\n\nMake reservations if possible. Located in a shanty strip mall. No worries, you're safe and the food and service is excellent.\n\nYou'll be hard pressed to find Northern Thai dishes (home style cooking) at many other Thai restaurants, so flip back to the back of the menu and pick an item along with your favorites. \n\nPros:\nFried whole snapper\nany curry\nNam Sod\n...basically any of your favorites are cooked perfectly.\n\nCons:\nCan be long waits\nMarket price items can be pricey...whole snapper $40, sea bass fried nuggets $25-30.\nBeggers in the parking lot\nWish they had shaved ice w/ coco milk and mixed fruit dessert.", "If you come to Vegas and fail to visit Lotus of Siam, you're really missing out, unless you're not a fan of amazingly delicious Thai food, that is. There is usually a wait, the atmosphere is classic Vegas strip mall, and the service is not the most friendly, but nothing could dissuade me from going because the food is so good. Come with a group so you can try a bunch of different things, otherwise your head will explode trying to make up your mind. Must try if it's your fist time - the NAM KAO TOD - \"Crispy rice mixed with minced sour sausage, green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, and lime juice.\"", "If you've done any reading on Lotus of Siam, then you know it is consistently rated the top Thai restaurant in the country by many reputable critics and food writers.  While I will not pretend that I have been to the best Thai restaurants in every American city, I will say that this is the best Thai restaurant that I have been to.  I have eaten at many Thai restaurants in Southern California, New York, and Las Vegas, and can definitely say Lotus of Siam beats even the top rated places in those cities.  \nLotus of Siam is located in a run-down, junky shopping plaza in East Las Vegas.  It is literally two doors down from an Asian massage parlor (the kind that we all know doesn't just give massages), and in the same parking lot as one of Vegas' most infamous sex clubs.  Needless to say, the location is rather unexpected for one of the best Thai restaurants in the country.  \nThe most significant difference between your average Thai restaurant and Lotus of Siam is the plentiful amount of Northern Thai dishes on the menu.  While there are the rare Northern Thai restaurants in the large cities in America, most of the popular Thai food in America is Southern Thai.  Northern Thai cuisine, also known as \"Issan\" style, has many differences from Southern Thai, often showing influences from Burmese and Indian cuisines.  For example, the Northern Style Thai Curry at Lotus of Siam is a pork braised in a thick, chile-infused curry sauce.  This dish resembles an Indian pork stew, such as korma, yet still has Thai flavors.  There is an entire section of the menu dedicated to the \"Issan\" style, Northern Thai cuisine.  I always try to order at least two things from this section every time I go, and the Northern Style Pork Curry is a staple in any meal at Lotus of Siam.  \n\nThe back story on Lotus of Siam is that their chef, Saipin Chutima, learned to cook from her mother-in-law, who cooked for the royalty of Thailand because her husband was a prominent Thai businessman.  When Bill, Saipin's husband, had to move to America, she followed and eventually opened up a instantly-famous Thai restaurant in Southern California called Renu Nakorn.  Bill and Saipin eventually bought Lotus of Siam in Las Vegas, and they have turned the restaurant into a Vegas institution, and turned Saipin into a celebrity chef.  \nThe menu at Lotus of Siam can be overwhelming to those who don't like large menus and to those who don't know Thai food well, but ask your server and they will direct you in the right direction.  If you don't like asking your server, then I will give some suggestions that are must-orders at Lotus of Siam.  \n\nThings that must be ordered at Lotus of Siam:\n-Issan Style Beef Jerky: Spicy, marinated beef jerky that will make you hate all other beef jerky.  \n-Northern Style Larb\n-Raw, marinated Sweet Shrimp: Many people are uncomfortable eating raw shrimp, but if you are an adventurous eater then you must order this dish.\n- Crispy Duck w/ Cognac Panang Curry: One of the best things you will ever eat.  This is a MUST TRY!\n-Sea Bass w/ Drunken Noodle:  Another one of the best dishes you will ever have.  Crispy Sea Bass on wide noodles with aromatic sauce.  MUST TRY!\n-Northern Style Pork Curry\n-Northern Style Tom Ka Kai: A great version of the classic Thai soup.  \n-Charbroiled Shrimp Saab\n-Chef Special Garlic Shrimp\n-Nam Kao Tod: Crispy rice w/ minced sour sausage.  Great dish!\n-Kow Soi: Northern style soup.\n-Sai Gog Issan: Sour, Spicy Sausage\n-Thai Lime Soda:  Refreshing lime soda similar to limeade.  \n-Coconut Ice Cream w/ Mango:  MUST TRY!  very simple, but very good. They only use Mangos when they are in season, so they often use strawberries.\n\nThe last thing that puts Lotus of Siam a notch above all other Thai restaurants is their wine list.  Their wine list is the best in Las Vegas.  Yeah, I said it, their wine list beats all the ones created by all the Master Sommeliers at the Bellagio and the strip.  They have the largest selection of German Riesling's that I have ever seen (Bill Chutima swares by the pairing of sweet Riesling with Lotus of Siam's spicy Thai cuisine), and they have a large selection of small-production, rare wines that are often only marked up 20%.  In fact, I've found many bottles on the list that are more expensive at the winery itself.  \n\nIn conclusion, whether you think it's ignorant to claim that Lotus of Siam is the best in the country, you should definitely come to eat here because it's a very unique restaurant, and you will have a great experience.  \nALL TOURISTS READ HERE:  Don't stay on the strip and overpay for average food.  Las Vegas is so much more than the strip, and Lotus of Siam is one of the best examples of why the best restaurants in Las Vegas are off the strip!  All you have to do is take a cab less than a mile off the strip and you will enjoy some of the best Thai food you will ever have!", "Is it the best thai restaurant in the US?   Hmm... it definitely is one of the most expensive BUT for that price, you can taste that it is a notch above all the other thai restaurants.   We had something like Mi krop with sour sausages (one of their top 3 most popular), sea bass on top of drunken noodles (also another top 3 most popular), minced jackfruit with pork (something different since you don't usually see that) and sticky rice with mango.   Now.... the thing is that I've had almost all these dishes at other thai restaurants.  Each one of the dishes were slightly better (more sour, more greens, better quality fish, better cooking technique, in season fruits, garnishes you can eat, no fillers)  than at my favorite places in Thaitown in Hollywood, CA.     The owner here.... tons of people waiting and the bums in the parking lot asking for money.   Would I recommend a visit....   definitely -- only a few places in the US that you can eat at a James Beard award winner that is reasonable in price.", "Just completed my annual getaway to Las Vegas, which always includes a pilgrimage to the dirty strip mall off Sahara for dinner at Lotus of Siam. It still reigns as the best Thai food I've ever eaten. They've renovated and expanded the dining space in the last year, and it looks much nicer. The decor is finally being elevated a little closer to the high quality of the food. Surprisingly, I didn't think my meal was as exceptional as my last visit in September 2009. It was still super yummy, but didn't have the same wow factor. Is it the remodel? Larger dining room? Or have I put Lotus of Siam so high on a pedestal from my last experience, it will never be as insanely satisfying as my first dinner there? Wine flights are no longer offered either.", "Look,\n\nI couldn't tell you what our party of 8 ordered, per the menu, but I can tell you what we ate. The wantons, the sea bass (which seems to be a perpetual special). We were directed to a tasting menu, with some dishes served ala carte to our respective setting,  and some served family style. Everything was a taste amusement park, from the spicy to the sweet, every note was played out over the course of the meal. Sensational when you sit down expecting a quartet and a symphony shows up. There's no need to do a ton of research here, if you're an expert of this region of Thailand's cuisine,  you'll know what to try. If you're a novice, I mean even a COMPLETE novice, have no fear the excellent staff reads the customer well. It's pretty tough to be disjointed, everything is just in a very base way, delectable. \n\nThe restaurant has updated its look smartly since I first tried it during the \"I just discovered this amazing place\" days. \n\nSpecial.\n\nGet a reservation well in advance, this is one of the hottest tickets in Las Vegas.", "Loved the food especially #58- marinated sirloin strips and the garlic prawns were r favorite. The staff was also very friendly and helpful in our selections. All our young children enjoyed as well: BBQ chicken and fried rice!", "My latest visit to Lotus of Siam was again a success!  Almost every time I come here, someone I am with wants to order something that I know will not be good.  I usually just smile and say, \"Sure, let's try it\".  I don't want to force my friends to order only what i like, which is why I nod my head and smile, but these dishes remind me each time of why it is so important to order correctly here.  The bad dish this time was the fried dumplings.  Very bland, stuffed with a very small amount of meat, and very average.  \n\nLuckily, they served the Beef Jerky and the dumplings at the same time, so my friend was able to see why i like this place so much.  We got the Beef Jerky, Northern Style Pork Curry, Issan Sausage, Seafood with Drunken Noodle, and Coconut Ice Cream w/ Fried Banana Roll.  Everything was very good.  The sausage was very dry, but had a great fermented flavor, and when combined with the cabbage, fresh chiles, roasted peanuts, ginger, and cilantro, it covers the palate with different flavors that work together perfectly.  \n\nThe coconut ice cream was worth writing home about too!  Icy, refreshing, and full of fresh coconut flavor, this was the best way to end the meal since the Sticky rice w/ mango was not available as the mangoes were not in season.  \n\nOnce again, Lotus of Siam comes through!", "Northern Thai dishes are excellent.  Mushroom dip with steamed veggies, young jackfruit curry and pad see ew were great.  I also tried a northern Thai sausage, which was very interesting and tasty.  Note, spice level 8/10 was indeed eye watering.", "Not the best thai food i've ever had but pretty dang close.  \n\nLiving in vegas i'm selfishly glad this place isn't in the middle of the strip.\n\nAwesome $8.99 buffet for lunch.  Incredible bargain.\n\nVery good service and the price tag pushes it up to a 4 star in my book.\n\nThey did a great job on the needed expansion completed not too long ago.  Note if you're there there are now restrooms in the back of each room.", "Once upon I time, in a search for off the strip greatness in Vegas I stumbled into a lovely bar (thanks to yelp).  Many returns later I asked my dependable bartender where he would go for some righteous Thai.  \"Lotus of Siam\" he replied, without hesitation.\nThis place now has the honor of being my 2nd favorite Thai restaurant so far.  We had the rice paper then bacon wrapped prawns for an appetizer, then I gorged myself with beef liver that was....  Superb.\nVery reasonable prices, and by far the most amazing menu I've seen.", "Reviewers say this is the best Thai in Vegas, maybe even North America. I've only had Thai in about 4 places, so I'm not educated enough to say it's the best anywhere, but it is certainly the best I've ever had. \n\nPlace is in a real hole. I mean, I'd NEVER drive into this outdoor mall area on a whim. But don't judge it from the outside. Interior is perfectly fine and clean. Recent expansion helps a lot. I was here in 2008 and found it to be wildly good, but cramped and hot. Not a problem anymore. \n\nMenu is diverse and complete. I like the \"jerky\" appetizer a lot, then moved on to the Tom Kha Kai soup, spicy thai salad, noodles, curries, and more basil noodles. Nothing was short of very good. Some of it excellent. Thai beers perfectly neutralize the flamthrower heat put off by those evil little green thai chiles. Easily the hottest damn thing I've ever bitten into thinking it was part of a green bean or something. I was sweating like Mac in the movie Predator talking about the \"same moon, different jungle\" while dry shaving his cheek. \n\nMy single criticism is menu descriptions like \"Plar Dook O-Cha\" do nothing for this English only American. Waiters have thick accents and do not seem to follow requests of \"what is this?\" when pointing at the menu. But, that's really my problem being so ignorant. Whatever it is, it's probably good or great anyway. \n\nCan't go wrong here. Good for groups or couples. Reasonably kid friendly too. \n\nHighly recommended.", "So I've finally tried the infamous Lotus of Siam, supposedly one of the best Thai restaurants in the U.S.  I can tell you that it is definitely not.  In fact, I am pretty disappointed that this has taken the title of \"Best Thai Restaurant in Vegas,\" as far as tourists are concerned.  I am trying to find a good reason to give LoS 3 stars, but unfortunately I just can't.\n\nI went on a whim with some coworkers, and we ordered a fairly wide range of food.  We had the Tom Kha Kai, Pad see ew, Rad Na pork, northern red curry chicken, and the desert platter.  I'll go from the best to the worst of these dishes, and why I wasn't impressed with most of them.    \n\nThe best dish was the dessert platter.  It came with a single excellent mango, sliced and perfectly sweet.  I loved it.  The platter also came with 2 excellent fried bananas, a clump of nicely prepared sweet sticky rice, and a scoop coconut ice cream.  All of it was great, and was by far the best part of the meal.  The only downside was that it was a bit overpriced at $13.95.\n\nNext up was the Rad Na with pork.  I would have been very impressed with this dish if it weren't for the over-ripe Chinese broccoli... more on that broccoli later.  The gravy sauce was actually very good; I was impressed!  It had a nice, somewhat unique taste with a perfect consistency.  The noodles and the pork were averagely prepared.  Overall, if the broccoli wasn't over-ripe, it would have been a pretty good dish.  \n\nThe first dish we had was the Tom Kha Kai.  It had spices that I haven't seen before in this dish, which made it interesting.  Careful sipping this, I nearly choked on a pepper that went down the wrong pipe!  It had a red chili sauce floating above the coconut milk that gave it a nice spicy bite.  I haven't had Tom Kha Kai from a lot of different places, but I have had excellent versions of this dish.  This one was pretty average, however.  The coconut milk seemed a bit watery, resulting in a less than potent taste.  I think that most people would be pleased with this dish, but I've had better.  \n\nNext was the pad see ew, which was more disappointing than the Rad Na.  The over-ripe Chinese broccoli really ruined the entire dish for us.  I felt like the broccoli was a bit skimpy as well with small, few pieces.  I *love* fresh Chinese broccoli with thick, crunchy stems.  I *hate* over-ripe, bitter Chinese broccoli.  This really is a pet peeve of mine.  The Chinese broccoli made the Rad Na a less-than perfect dish, but it downright ruined the pad see ew.  Knowing that LoS doesn't care about stocking fresh Chinese broccoli, I would suggest skipping anything on the menu that has this ingredient.    \n\nOn to the joke of the meal, the Northern Red Curry.  How about poorly prepared chicken broth with some hot chili in it?  It was spicy, but still very bland over the white rice.  I was extremely bored with this dish, which was a surprise because I've heard that the Northern dishes are the dishes to get at LoS.  Maybe we were unlucky.  Do yourself a favor, and don't order this.  \n\nAll of that said, I have never had better service at a Thai restaurant that I wasn't good friends with the manager.  The servers really put out some effort to give you the feel that you are in a gourmet restaurant.  They filled our soup bowls, and constantly topped up our water glasses. The staff was very friendly, and extremely professional.  The wine rack is impressive, and adds to the gourmet feeling as well.  If only the food was also gourmet.\n\nIf your pallet for Thai food hasn't been lucky enough to taste really great Thai, this place isn't a bad one to go to as a tourist.  If you are a local, or you are someone who has a more refined taste in Thai food, there are lots of better Thai restaurants in Las Vegas.", "Solid Thai food to be found in Vegas. The group of us ordered the Tom Kha Gai soup and Tod Mun fish cakes to start. I've had the fish cakes here before and they are, as always, soft and flavourful, especially with the accompanying diced cucumbers and sweet/sour sauce. The soup had chicken that was a little chewy, but was nicely spicy and piping hot-- though to be honest, I'm not sure why we ordered soup in 105 degree weather!\nOn to the entr\u00e9es, which were a mixed bag for me. I enjoyed the nuttiness and creaminess of the Penang Curry (paired nicely with tofu) as well as the Pad See Ew noodles. The sweetness from the palm sugar was noticeable in those dishes but were not overpowering. However, the Mee Krob crispy noodles tasted oddly chemical-like to me. I just could not eat them, and I think it was just the combination of spices and vegetables that created a strange odour and taste. The northern curry with (sparse) catfish was a little on the bland side for me and not quite what I'd expected. It was almost like soup; sauce was thin and did not hold up to the rice I drizzled it over.\nOverall, the food was good but nothing was outstanding. An enjoyable Thai dining experience, nonetheless, especially in their newly-renovated space. 3.5 stars.", "There are two different kinds of restaurants in this world; those that are all about looks and those that are all about the food. LOS is definitely the second. \nThis world famous restaurant serves a wide variety of dishes out of a small, unassuming storefront within the commercial center shopping block. The interior is a combination of fancy wine bar [glass covered wine racks, marble counters, lacquered wood, etc] and cheesy chinese restaurant. The food itself is the star, so I don't mind.\n\nWe started with a glass of wine each. I had a semi-dry riesling while J had a pinot noir. Both were fabulous and the wine list is epic! My riesling was fruity and crisp without being overbearing. It was a nice counterpoint to the spicy food. J's red wine was very smooth without any acidity\n\nI ordered a cup of the Tom Kha Kai, a sweet and tangy coconut based soup with tender pieces of chicken and lots of veggies and fresh herbs. Most places use substandard chicken for this soup but that was not the case here. The soup was rich and extremely flavorful, easily the best thai soup I've ever had! \n\nWe also had the papaya salad. I ordered it at a spice level of 9-10 and it was definitely spicy! It snuck up on me after a few bites and was quite strong, but the overall flavors were excellently executed. The contrast of pungent, savory, sweet, nutty, herbal and chiles was something I could find addictive. When we were leaving some of the employees seemed impressed, \"Ah, spicy number 10! that was you!\"\n\nNext came the crispy duck with chu-chee sauce and garlic prawns. We originally inquired about the lobster, but they were out for the day and recommended the prawns instead. The crispy duck was tender with a light, crisp crust and a rich curry sauce. This was J's favorite and is a fabulous way to eat duck! The sauce is great over rice. \n\nThe garlic prawns looked like a huge portion but it turned out that half the pile were empty shells. It was a bit deceiving but even the empty shells were pretty good with the seasoning. The prawns themselves were great, juicy and large. I don't think I would order this again if I weren't celebrating but it was very tasty.\n\nI also had a thai iced coffee to go. It was a strong coffee with chicory flavors and a good balance of sweet and creamy to the bitter coffee. The portion was generous, too!\n\nThis is probably some of the best thai food you can find if you don't have a doting thai grandmother to lavish upon you. The meal ended up costing us almost $100, but it was worth it for a once a year celebration. I look forward to returning to try more of their food, like the Issan style tom kha kai, pad thai and sea bass. Their tea also looks really nice, served in a glass teapot that allows you to watch the water infuse. I didn't ask about it this time, but when we return I look forward to seeing what kinds of teas they offer.\n\nDelicious food, well executed flavor combinations, cheap lunch buffet available, fantastic wine list, large menu and fairly quiet during week days. Worth going if you've never been!", "This gem of a place is probably one of the best Thai restaurants in America. I went here (several times) with a southeast asian, he knows his food.", "This is as good as it gets for Thai food in America. I've been to some great places in Thailand and this is right up there with them. My favorite dish that we ordered was the drunken noodle soft shell crab. It was perfectly seasoned and the crunchy texture was perfect. I ate so much but I wanted more. My friends had to hold me back from raiding the kitchen for more food. Okay, that didn't happen but it was pretty dang good.", "This is the greatest place I have ever eaten.  I have spent time in Thailand and I still never ate anything as good as I have had here.\n\nThe only downfall is you will never be able to enjoy Thai food anywhere else!", "This review is for the lunch buffet.\n\nI recently came here for a lunch buffet.  My co-worker, who loves Thai food, kept going on and on about how good this lunch buffet is.  I love Thai food as well.  I love the crab fried rice, beef panang, tom yum goong, and many more.\n\nBut since this is a buffet, I was hoping for some yummy curry...but they had chicken curry, which wasn't the flavorful kind that I have eaten.  I was disappointed to see so many chinese dishes on the buffet line (hot/sour chicken, moo goo gai pan-type of dish, regular fried rice...).  One plate of food that I barely ate, I moved on to the fruits.  They do have fresh sweet fruit, I must say (watermelon, cantaloupe, pear, apple and oranges).  That made me a bit happier.\n\nAll in all, I don't think I will be going back for the lunch buffet, but will try the food on the regular menu.", "This review is only about the lunch buffet.\nLike an earlier yelper commented,the buffet is lame.\nIt's very small & did'nt have any curry items.\nI expected the buffet to be the restaurant's way of introducing itself to new customers by offering them samples of what they serve.\nIt was just fast food thai junk.\nIt turned me off.\n\nOddly,the restaurant was fairly full but I doubt the people seated were eating from the buffet.\n\nSo either offer better samples of what you can cook  in the buffet table or get rid it.\n\nI think", "This was simply the best Thai restaurant I've had thus far.  Many have said this was the Best Thai in the continental USA and I think they're right!  I was in Vegas for a week and we visited this place 3 times.  Loved it.\n\nAll my favorite dishes were found under the Chef Choices section of their menu.  My top favorite dish was the deep-fried prawns with shell with pepper in special garlic sauce.  We tried both versions of the deep-fried prawns but garlic was hands-down easily the best (the other was just okay).  \n\nWe also ordered a Whole 2-pound CharGrilled Catfish in our 2nd visit.  It was yummy but we agreed we wouldn't order this version again.  First, it takes 45 mins. to prepare (which we were told, of course).  Second, the catfish skin was a bit too well-done (burnt) for our tastes (and we like BBQ).  The cooked catfish meat was very good and it was worth trying.  We'll probably try another cooked version of  whole catfish next time we're here, visiting Vegas.\n\nI also recommend the Chilean Sea Bass, the Crab Fried Rice and their Drunken Noodle with whatever [insert meat of preference].  \n\nThe Chilean Sea Bass was also excellent but I've had equally good sea bass for less in price.  Not a super value dish but the quality was excellent.  The crab fried rice was also excellent.   We had crispy duck w/ drunken noodle and it was good, not spectacular (since being asian, I've had quite a lot of duck).  \n\nChoose the spice level of your food to suit your preference.  I don't tend to go too spicy and since I have a fairly low spicy tolerance level, we usually choose Level 2.  We tried Level 4 and it was too hot for me halfway into the second serving.  For those who like it spicy, just ignore my warning and go for whatever rocks your socks!  \nEnjoy!", "Tired of overpriced hotel foods, long buffet lines, hassle of finding great places to eat...well look no further. The best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas is at Lotus of Siam and it's only a 7 min drive from the strip off Sahara. Best make reservations if you have parties of 4 or more since this place always has a wait.\n\nHere are a few musts from the menu:\n\n1) Thai iced tea\n2) Garlic Prawns (they fry them season them and still keep the skin on...must have)\n3) Duck curry (spicy levels from 1-10, we had the 8 and it was pretty spicy...so stick with 5-6 for those who just want a medium kick)\n\nStaff's very attentive and supposedly they have a great wine selection, but I have yet to try anything. I always make a pit stop anytime I come back to Las Vegas...I found a gold mine.", "We went here for an early dinner based on the recommendation that it was one of the \"best in America.\" No way! However the food was good, missing excellence in inexcusable ways. I loved the ROASTED DUCK CURRY with its  superb blending of flavors but it had just a tiny amount of duck. The DRUNKEN NOODLE SEAFOOD missed on several counts. The dish was perfectly flavored with a wonderful blend of noodles, seafood, greens and garlic. But the noodles were clumped together in a big wad with the greens and seafood around. The shrimp, scallops, and surimi were just right and full of flavor. On the other hand the squid and the mussels were flavorless and a bit too chewy. On the plus side, I thought they got the heat just right. We ordered both dishes medium hot (5 out of 10) and thought they were perfect; no sweat on the brow but nicely intense. If I lived in Vegas, I would return because they had one of the most extensive and interesting menus I have ever seen.", "We've been here twice now.  Food is excellent.  Service is always great.  Very cheerful. Some of the best Thai food that we've been able to find in Vegas! Will definitely be going back for more.", "We've come here for dinner (very good), but the crowning jewel is the lunch buffet for $8.99, only offered on the weekdays. This is a small restaurant located in the Commercial Center (doesn't look like much outside, I know), but so many regulars come here, so this is a busy lunch buffet. On the walls are framed pictures of the owner/cook with various people (Mayor Oscar Goodman is one of them), as well as notable articles of recognition- numerous \"best of\" and such. \n\nYou pay at the door, before getting seated. If there are already a number of diners in the restaurant, it could be a few minutes- but not more than 15 minutes. Service is pretty good. Drink orders are filled right away. The dirty plates are taken off your table pretty quickly. \n\nThe buffet is not large, but it is high-quality. The yellow curry with tender chunks of potato and chicken is my husband's favorite- he said that he could drink the sauce with a straw. There are two or three stir fried dishes with a good mix of noodles, vegetables and chicken. Also on the menu: soup, salad, fruit, chicken wings, french fries, rangoons, dessert spring rolls (banana & coconut), jello squares, shrimp chips, and rice. I might be missing a few things- this is from memory.", "Went w/ a grp of friends. Had the standard Pad see ew & Pad thai. Both were averagely good. (nothing crazy about them).\n\nHad NUA SAO RENU. number 56. Charbroiled beef with some tamarind sauce & dried pepper. Got it spicy, and it was pretty spicy. The meat & sauce was delishhh.\n\nAlso had the bbq pork, the meat was delish; presentation not so much. Was a plate with sliced pork.", "Will I be hated for this review?? \n\nEveryone seems to rave about this place... and I've noted it being called the BEST Thai restaurant on the continent... \n\nI don't know if I have had quite enough Thai food to agree or disagree to this statement, but I feel that Lotus of Siam will be marked as average in my book. \n\nUpon entering, you are already on your toes because the man who asked to clean your windshield may have followed you in, or a person waiting for the Green Door to open may be scouting out its next victim. But, to be honest, once you are inside, and away from the \"waiting area\" it is surprisingly nice and open. \n\nI felt my table was too close to the table next to us, but whatevs. Our server was a little slow to get to us, that is understandable... but after that, he was on top of everything! I got my Thai usual of green chicken curry. It was good, nothing out of the ordinary deliciousness of curry... And friends got their American Thai food staples in which I will not make a comment.\n\nI don't think I would drive to this place again, if I am in the area... (which i hope isn't too often) I will be back. I think your neighborhood Thai restaurant will give you the fix you need, is not better. If I want anything extra-ordinary I will hit up my grandma.", "Without a doubt the best Thai food in Vegas!\n\nBeen to this off the path eatery a half dozen times in the past year.  The food is excellent.  I have always ordered a number of dishes and shared them.  This is the best way to try their many varied dishes.  The deep fried catfish with various toppings and their charbroiled prawns deserve  special mention.  \n\nThe menu is huge (and thankfully numbered since I can't pronounce the majority of the dishes).  I just order by the numbers and let the server laugh at me.  They deserve a good time too.\n\nThey have an award winning wine list.  Amazing since I always felt that the pronounced flavors of Thai food kill most wines.  I was wrong.  Wine can match Thai food.\n\nFrequented by top Asian poker players (the successful ones who have money) so you know its good!\n\nTake a trip off the strip.  You won't be disappointed.", "Wow!! Amazing food and service here! If only the place wasn't so out of the way! It's in such a deserted location from the strip. Wouldn't go there unless you have a car because we walked all the way from Fashion mall and Sahara Ave does not look safe to be walking through at night. \n\nOrdered Prawn in a Blanket, Drunken Noodle Soft Shell Crab, House Special Fried Rice and Mango Sticky Rice. They were ALL delicious!! They gave a lot more prawns than I expected for the appetizer and they were pretty good size prawns too. The noodles were very tasty but they were sure spicy as hell even though we asked for MEDIUM spicy!! On a scale of 1-10 it was more of an 8 and our mouths were practically on fire with each bite! I'm not a whimp for spicy food since I eat them pretty often but this place makes me wonder how hot can it be if someone ordered \"very spicy\". Their dishes are very decent sizes so we were so full at the end. Even the dessert was pretty huge! \n\nAs for service, it was excellent! We got there at 6pm on a Monday and ordered a pretty expensive bottle of wine so not sure if that had any effect on the service we had. They were very attentive in terms of refilling the water and checking to see if everything was ok. In the end they even gave both of us a glass of dessert wine that was pretty good. My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas so far!", "the best meal we had in vegas.  the neighborhood outside was nice and seedy, the restaurant and people inside were warm and friendly, the decor was spare and clean, the wine list was enormous, the pad see yew and red curry were good, and the bacon fried prawns, crispy rice, sea bass som tam, coconut ice cream with sticky rice and mango and fried banana desserts were fantastic."]
[2010, "season1"]	["After hearing about this restaurant on the internet, I made a note that we had to go there while in Vegas for the SEMA show. We ended up going with a friend of my dad's who is usually not adventurous, a possible recipe for disaster. \n\nWe did not make a reservation, and paid the penalty of a 45 minute wait - reading glorious reviews in the cramped front hallway. (This was pre-renovation.) I thought 45 minutes of reading \"Best Thai Restaurant\" reviews would overhype the food to a level that could not be reached. I was wrong.\n\nThis was back in November, so I have forgotten the dishes that we ate, but this meal still gets discussed fondly to this day. After sharing a mix of delicious appetizers, we simply told our waiter the protein, sides and level of spice we wanted - and let him bring a dish of his choice. When they arrived we all tried some of each others dishes, and everyone was happy & well fed. There were no leftovers.\n\nHighly recommended for all Thai food lovers. We only wished we had ordered another full meal to take away!", "After reading all the great reviews I had to give this place a try. I got there around 9:30 pm last night and it was still busy although they seated me right away. I ordered the Catfish curry and the Pork Prik King. \n\nCatfish was different to what I'm use to, the pieces of fish were fillet and not crispy. (I prefer sucking the meat off the bones) The Prik King Pork was tough and I\"ve definitely had better. \n\nService was slow on turnaround of the dishes ordered and the frequency of the waiters checking with you. I don't know if it was late and everyone was pooped but I was disappointed with the experience here.", "After reading yelp reviews, I decided this place was a must-visit. I went there on a weeknight at 8:30pm, thinking I was late enough to be able to get in without waiting, but found out I had to wait FORTY FIVE MINUTES! That is how popular this place is. I ended up leaving and making a reservation for dinner 2 days later. If you want to eat here at dinner without a wait, you MUST call in advance!\n\nOur waiter was extremely helpful in explaining the menu items, since nobody in my group was familiar with thai food. He was very patient and gave us helpful suggestions, and our water was always promptly filled. Thank goodness for that, because the food was HOT.\n\nMy group likes spicy food, so we asked for our dishes to be prepared to a 5, 7, and 8 on the 1-10 spiciness scale. IT. WAS. INTENSE. Hence my drinking 3 glasses of water, and thank goodness my waiter was prompt in refilling my water because I might've died otherwise. If you ask for a number higher than 5, know what you're getting into: A 10 would be practically nuclear. \n\nI can't recommend the fried catfish enough. It's one of their specialties, and for good reason. We ordered fried catfish with basil. The catfish pieces were so tender and flavorful, they tasted like a much more expensive fish. Any of the curries is also delicious. One dish I do not recommend is any of the dips. For $10, all you get is a plate of blanched vegetables (which are pretty fresh, to their credit) and a cold \"dip\" which is often more like a salad. But the other items we had more than made up for this miss. \n\nI always imagine dives like lotus of siam to have giant portions, but the servings here are small, rendering the restaurant more expensive than the menu prices would suggest. It's enough, but you probably won't have leftovers. \n\nAll in all, this place truly impressed me. I've never had thai food better than this!", "Amazing. Best Thai I've probably ever had. I'd heard that the chef was once a chef for the Queen of Thailand, and so had been quite impressed w the restaurants reputation and was eager to see if it lived up to the hype. It truly did. Freaking amazing.\n\nMake reservations. This place gets PACKED all the time.", "As I write this review, I am nauseous just thinking about the after-effects of my Lotus of Siam experience. \n\nFOOD POISONING.\n\nI went here on Friday night (1/15/10), my last night in Vegas after living here for 10 weeks for work. It was supposed to be legendary, and in some ways, I guess it was. \n\nI had the Panang curry with chicken. In all truth, it was quite delicious. Without the sickness that would follow the next 24 hours, this would be 4 stars. My stomach has only now recovered enough to allow me to write a review without feeling like I am going throw up again. \n\nI was with three other people, nobody else got sick. But this was all I had to eat that night, my previous meal was at Top of the World at Stratosphere for lunch, and was 7 hours before LOS, and my only drink of the night was the Thai beer I had with my meal, so I think it is safe to assume that the food here caused the illness. \n\nSo there you go, food poisoning. Delicious food, but you might end up paying dearly for it later.", "Best Thai in Las Vegas.  My favorite dishes are - Nam Kao Tod (crispy rice w/ sausage), Sai Oua (northern style sausage), drunken noodle sea bass, crispy duck with chili mint leaves & salmon panang.  They also have a great wine list featuring many outstanding German rieslings.  Get the mango dessert if it's in season.", "Best Thai restaurant ever - don't worry these guys really do live up to all of the hype.  Why else would semi-inebriated foodies from around the country quietly ask their cab drivers to drive down E Sahara blvd for dinner.  \"The Sahara hotel miss?\" - no cabbie, I said the creepy dilapidated shopping center on Sahara Blvd next to the discount wig shop.  \n\nOnce you enter LOS the restaurant itself is much nicer than the location would suggest, and the waitstaff could not be nicer or more attentive.  Best bets include the crispy rice with sour sausage appetizer.  It is literally a party in your mouth - so many different textures and tastes.  There are a bunch of fresh herbs, deliciously crispy rice, cubes of sour sausage, cucumbers, peanuts, chillies, and red onion.  I only wish they would serve it in a giant cereal bowl with a big wooden spoon.  I also love their chicken wings with garlic and pepper.  They are so crispy and addictive, a perfect starter.  For main courses I love all their noodles and curry.  Friends have raved about the scallops as well.  However my favorite dish came on my last visit and was the drunken noodles with giant prawns.  The noodles were wide and spicy atop of lettuce and had a huge portion of perfectly fried shrimp on top.  The dish was amazing if no a bit pricey at $20 - but the portion was very large and included 8 prawns.  \n\nFinally the perfect ending is the mango, sticky rice and coconut ice cream for dessert.  I do not exaggerate when I say this is my favorite dessert of all time.  I have never had better mangoes than those I have at LOS.  Legend says that the chef rejects 75% of the mangoes they receive because they do not meet his standards.  They are the most perfect and sweet mangoes you will ever have.  Best of all, the fine staff at LOS will call a cab for you as you are finishing dessert so that your transportation is waiting for you at the end of your meal.  Truly a wonderful experience, and well worth the cab ride off the Vegas strip.", "Busy place.\n\nBig menu.\n\nPretty good overall.\n\nDidnt see any non fried whole fish on the menu though", "Easy to miss, driving by!  It's actually the back of the restaurant on Sahara, you need to turn into the sketchy strip mall to actually find the restaurant.\n\nGood times!  We shared and enjoyed a total of 6 dishes between four girls, the favourites being the deep-fried prawns (eat the shells!), drunken sea bass with noodles, and the seafood salad.  Really, everything was good though - vibrant, fresh flavours.", "Fantastic! We were with a vegetarian so we ordered accordingly. It was a great meal! everything was so tasty! Going back asap!\nAnother GREAT restaurant off the strip in VEGAS!", "Finally!!  I have been waiting and waiting to try out this thai resturant for----ever!  I''ve heard so many rave reviews about this place and this trip to vegas, i just couldn't pass it up.  I made reservations a week in advance, just to secure my table for 5!  Everything was really delicious and If i must say, a lot better than i've had in Thailand.  Their green curry is AMAZING and the best i've ever had.  Everyone at the table loved it so much we decided to order a second order!  The papaya salad with raw crab was also one of the best I've had.  My favorite is still on the street in Bangkok, but this one was almost just as amazing!  That salad packs a lot of flavor which i love because I usually have to wait overnight for all the flavors to be absorbed by the papaya, but not at lotus of siam!  That alone gets 5 stars and so does the green curry.\n\nWe also ordered nam prik noom which is a northern green chili dip that is really good with fried pork skin and plain sticky rice.  This was probably my least favorite dish, as the flavor of the green chili wasn't like the kind i've had in thailand.  it's still pretty good though!\n\nThe thai boat noodles was good, but the broth could of had more beef flavor.  If you like this dish, you should definitely hit up Yum Saap (or Saap as its called on Yelp) in West Hollywood.  Its the closest boat noodle to the kind in thailand!\n\nThe Nam kao Tod, was something I have never tried and I thought it was pretty interesting and yummy.  Some people at the table didn't like it because the sausage is sour, but its supposed to be.  If you aren't a fan of sour sausage, then maybe stay away from this dish.\n\nThe Put Prik King is also one of the best I've had.  We got ours with pork and the flavor of the prik is soooooo good!  Other thai resturants either make this dish too sweet or too salty or not much flavor.  Each bite of lOS's Put prik king is packed with flavor and is so delicious with hot fluffy jasmine rice! =)  \n\nI wanted to so badly order everything to-go so I could enjoy it back home in LA.  \n\nI highly highly recommend this restaurant for anyone who wants the best Thai food in the US. imo. haha prove me wrong!  =P", "Good Thai food is easy to find, Great Thai food is almost impossible to find, but Lotus of Siam has it. The location is a bit dingy from the outside, but you can't argue with the results of the food. \n\nFresh raw prawns with hot sauce and fish sause is a real treat and very authentic. Crispy fried duck curry was amazing and some of the best curry and duck I have ever tasted. Drunken seafood fried rice has lots of seafood, but was actually not that good (compared to the rest of the food at least, but still an 7/8 out of 10). Mixed in some fresh lemon Thai soda or Chang beer and its a great place to eat away from the strip. \n\nReasonable prices to boot!", "Great place to go during the week for lunch . In fact, it's the only Thai restaurant I know of that does a lunch buffet! Yes, I know there are probably 17 other ones in town but I haven't been to those yet. :)\n\nThe lunch buffet has some basic items that do not change and others do. All I remember is that I enjoy going on Thursdays and Mondays. \n\n:TIP: If going during the week for lunch, try and get there a little early or just past the lunch rush to grab a table and not have to stand around and wait for 30 mins before being seated. Recently they just expanded so I am not sure if this is still a problem or not.", "I ate there last week while in town for a trade show. It was our 3rd time there and the food is always good. However I got the fried Duck noddles this time which was very good, but I got terrible food poisoning the next morning. I don't think I'll be going there again.....", "I don't eat much Thai food.. came here purely because of the hype from online reviews, and realizing I've never been to a Thai restaurant with such acclaim.  Plus this was one of the few times I had a rental car available when visiting Vegas.\n\nFresh and marinated raw prawns with chili paste.. what a great and unique dish. The serving came with 8 large shrimp that I shared with dining companions, but I could have polished off a plate of these.  I also loved the crispy fried duck served with a congac based curry.  Again, another unique dish to me and I couldn't get enough.  We had other dishes that I can't complain about, but these two were clearly the standouts. \n\nOne thing I would mention, the spice level was not nearly as high as I assumed. We ordered \"medium\" and my next go round i would go high as I felt there wasn't much heat at all. That didn't take away from the fact that I really enjoyed my meal here. \n\nPrices are very reasonable for what you get. This is a very good choice to take a break from the flashy casino dining.", "I havent been here in awhile but this is all I have to say.\n\nIt may be a bit off the strip and it may look run down on the outside, but it WILL stuff you with delicious food. Once you walk in, it's like you were transported to a whole new world as the interior is decorated with ethnic influences. And the food is fan-fucking-tastic.\n\nIf you want a breather from the strip and delicious food, come here and murder your diet. It is sin city after all. :)", "I went back for lunch today, What a difference!  I looked at the buffet and passed. Ordered the traditional Thai Beef noodle soup which had tender beef, meat balls, bean sprouts and deep fried pork skin. \n\nThe flavor was perfect just spicy enough to numb your throat and the crunchiness of the fried pork skin was awesome. For dessert I ordered the deep fried banana and the waiter was nice enough to split a full order since I was dinning alone.  OMG!!!! Wrapped in layers of Won Ton skin and inside was ground coconut and drizzled with honey. SOOOO  GOOOD!", "Ive eaten at MANY Thai restaurants, and to me this was a total disappointment. I read the other reviews on here and was eager to try this place out. The portions that they served us were small compared to other restaurants that I've been to. We had the pad Thai and one of they're curries. I thought well their portions might be small but lets give them the benefit of the doubt, all i have to say about the taste is there a dozen more restaurants that i rather eat at. I DO NOT recommend this place at all. Its extremely Americanized, if you've never eaten Thai before you'll love it. But if you have something to compare it to you'll be disappointed!!!!", "Just fyi: they're not open for lunch on Saturday or Sunday.\n\nThe first time I came to this place was when I drove in on a Friday night around 8pm. We strolled in and they said the wait was going to be about an hour and some change so we bailed out. This time around, I played it safe and made reservations again for a Friday night at 6:30 pm. We were seated within a few minutes upon arrival. At that very moment the restaurant was half full so technically I didn't really need the reservations. As time progressed, the restaurant got crowded quite swiftly.\n\nThere are numerous friendly servers here which is great, plenty of help. You'll always have people walking around, which you can flag down at any time. It did however took some time to get the food out. We would get half our order then there would be a period of silence. Other servers would approach us and think we were waiting for the check when we were actually waiting for the rest of our food.\n\nAs for the food here, the menu is practically endless. You'll find all your typical dishes you would find in any Thai restaurant, there's some pricey specialties aka chef's recommendations at the back of the menu. However, I think there best deal are their authentic and different Thai regional dishes. Growing up eating Thai food practically everyday, I stayed clear from all your everyday Pad Thais and of the sort.\n\nWe started off with the Tom Yum Pla Dook aka Tom Yum catfish soup. I had all my dishes made with three stars (1-10 spiciness star rating) just to keep it safe. Three stars wasn't spicy, a tingling feel but it won't make your toes curl yet. You can always add more chili if you ask for the condiments. Great soup starter and perfect hangover remedy. Tanginess and some spiciness is ideal after a night of boozing.\n\nNam Khoa Tod - appetizer style dish where they fry the rice along with some other herbal type ingredients. Another authentic Thai dish that many restaurant choose not not to carry (don't ask why I don't know). Overall not too shabby, I'd order it again.\n\nMoo Yaang aka marinated grilled pork. It's really hard to mess this one up. The sauce that accompanies this dish could've used some help though. I'm use to a stronger sauce taste and it was a little bland for my taste buds. BTW, sticky rice (extra $2) is great with this dish but I think they give you a bowl of steam rice instead.\n\nNeua Naam Thok, direct translation: beef waterfall. You know how sometimes beef has a distinct taste to it? Well this one had it. I couldn't stomach more than half. Probably the weakest link that I ordered.\n\nThe portions here aren't too big. Four orders for two people may sound like a lot but we were able to eat at least 80% into it. For Las Vegas, this place isn't bad at all and I would like to come back to try some more of their authentic selection. I'm not going to lie, it's not the BEST THAI FOOD ever but it's up to par for Vegas standards and who they're truly trying to cater to. Remember to make that reservation beforehand and play it safe.\n\nDinner for 2: $50ish.", "My good friend Mike mentioned that this place is amazing and he wasn't kidding! We went here as a group and let him do the ordering. We had this spicy beef (Nua Yum Katiem) that was absolutely delicious! The Crispy duck was amazing as well as everything else he ordered for us. We had  a few appetizers and some noodle dishes as well. The prices were reasonable and there was plenty of food for everyone. It's all served family style. As some other reviewers have mentioned, the location isn't the best, but the food definitely makes up for it. I've always been a fan of Thai food and am a much bigger one since visiting Lotus. It really makes me look forward to my November trip to Thailand!", "Not much more can be said about this place that hasn't already...just a quick update: the wine cellar that is under construction is almost done...the current wine list is a fraction of what they have...the full list that can be seen online will be available once the cellar is finished.\n\nAlso, don't order anything specific off the menu...trust your waiter/waitress and let them order for you.  You will not go wrong.", "OMFG.  The best Thai food I have EVER had! In Vegas, who knew?!\n\nWe came here with a large group so we tried several dishes.  First off, service is really great and friendly.  Our server made a lot of great suggestions and had no problem answering our questions about dishes.  We had the deep-fried garlic prawns, khao soi (curry noodle dish), sai oua (sausage), red and green chili dips, kang hung lay (beef stew), crispy duck with panang sauce, sea bass with ginger, pad thai, and some sticky rice.  \n\nThe prawns were superb, deep-fried but not greasy at all and the batter has some great seasoning.  For me the khao soi was the standout dish, everyone loved it and by the end of the meal people were spooning up the curry sauce to eat over rice because it was so good.  I also highly recommend the chili dips.  The green chili was my favorite and reminded me of Mexican green chili because it came with tiny little pork rinds to eat with it. The sai oua had a great flavor.  When you bring it up to your mouth to eat it, you can catch a whiff of the aromatics it's spiced with.  I also really enjoyed the crispy duck and the sea bass was perfectly cooked and tender.  I really enjoyed my meal here.  And dessert was fantastic as well. I highly suggest getting the combo desert plate which comes with crispy fried bananas (they look like fried spring rolls with banana inside instead of veggies) and coconut ice cream over sticky rice.  Heavenly.\n\nIf you come here and are overwhelmed by the expansive menu, I would highly recommend being adventurous and ordering mainly off the Northern Thai and Chef's Choice menus.  Parking is plentiful, and because there are quite a few bars and clubs in the immediate area, grabbing a cab back to the Strip is not very difficult.  I highly recommend making a reservation because there seems to be a serious wait otherwise.  Definitely worth the 2 mile trip off the Strip for great quality That cuisine. The hype is all true!", "Ok so maybe it was the awesome reviews that I read before I came here that I expected sooo much from them which resulted in the lower rating than I had even expected to give! We came here for lunch on NYE! 10 min wait for a table pretty nice...service was very good...we ordered the Tom Yum Kai soup based on someone's review..and it was just OK..nothing WOW about it...the Green Curry w/Chicken was the BEST thing we tried! It had the awesome spicy factor we loved! The Drunken Noodles w/seafood was disappointing cuz the dish was so greasy...granted we were super full from the meal but based on my BF and our visits to many other Thai places in SoCal..we can't rightly say this was the BEST Thai food we've had...we might have to give it another try on our next visit...", "Someone told us this was one of the best Thai food restaurants in the country.  Apparently a lot of the celebrity chefs dine here when they want good Thai food.\n\nI believe it.\n\nHands down, best Thai food I've ever had.  One of our friends said that he thought it tasted better than what he had in Bangkok.\n\nFirst we ordered the Crispy Rice with sausage.  This was probably my least favorite dish, but everyone else loved it.  It has very strong mint and lime favors, and it's different than anything I've ever eaten.  It was my least favorite, but it was still good.\n\nThen he had the pad thai, northern red curry, and drunken noodle soft shell crab.  EVERYTHING was absolutely delicious.  The northern red curry looked more like a stew than a curry (I guess that's how they do it in northern Thailand?), but it was still very tasty!  The drunken noodle soft shell crab was AMAZING.  Just writing about it makes me want to drive back out to Vegas...\n\nA MUST-TRY whenever you're in town.", "The absolute best Thai restaurant in the entire country! I've been to so many Thai restaurants I can't even count, in places as far flung as Seattle, New York, DC, NC, and TX. Bar none, this place is the best. \n\nIt's in an old and little strip mall, but don't let that fool you. This place rocks. \n\nI went for dinner on a friday night and basically our whole table didn't order off the menu. We just told the waiter that we had never been there, and to bring out an assortment of their best dishes. A little risky, since there are a number of specific food items I will not eat - but boy was the risk worth it. We had the most amazing food, and unfortunately because we didn't order off the menu I can't tell you what we had. \n\nGo with a group, have the chef make whatever his favorite dishes are, and you will be awed.", "The crispy duck curry is my favorite, followed closely by the pad thai.  Sortof reminds me of one of those places with secret prostitutes and mahjong parlors filled with old people (yeah I know it's not a Chinese restaurant).  The waiter was very friendly and didn't mind describing the menu items.  Make reservations, they are pretty full.", "The service was awesome; very fast, helpful, cheerful, and polite! And the food was absolutely delicious. I visited this place twice during one visit to Vegas bc I couldnt get enough of it :) My favorite was the Drunken Sea Bass, Red Curry, pork larb, and the mint duck... all reasonably priced. I know thai food and this is it, yum.", "This is a a fantastic restaurant. Disregard any reviews that try to rate Lotus of Siam based on the lunch buffet. And some of the more common Thai dishes, like pud Thai, are no better here than at your neighborhood Thai restaurant back home.\nLotus of Siam offers an exceptional variety of food. Beef jerky is always a winner for me as an appetizer. I also like the spicy crispy rice and the bacon-wrapped shrimp that are deep fried. (See my photos).\nTom ka gai is a chicken coconut soup they do so well. The way I get it normally in restaurants is that they cook the mushrooms in the soup. At Lotus of Siam they add fresh mushrooms right before they serve it. THat's a different way to do it and I like it. Also, if you look at my picture, you'll see a nice dose of chili sauce floating on top of the soup. Be forewarned about eating that straight. Make sure you mix up your soup before you eat it.\nThe duck dishes are usually pretty good at Lotus of Siam as well. \nIf you're not sure what you want, you can trust your server to order for you. Just tell them what you don't like and they can pick dishes for you.\nThe wine selection is fantastic and the prices are more than reasonable.", "This is my favorite Thai place in Vegas, and my favorite place to send out-of-towners to. It's in a weird strip mall (as most off-strip restaurants in Vegas are) but it's a quick cab ride from most hotels on The Strip. I'm not a big fan of buffets, so I like to order off the menu. Amazing thai red curry chicken, and one of the best reisling lists in the country. Word on the street is that the chef used to cook for the emperor of Thailand.", "This is our special occasion restaurant even though it's not too fancy. It's kind of in the ghetto, but it is so worth the drive.  Everything I have ever had here is fantastic.  Not sure what it's called on the menu, but the crispy prawns with their heads are super yummy... and the drunken noodles, nam kao tod, tom kah kai soup, coconut ice cream which seems like it is home made, sticky rice dessert, etc. are all unbelievable.  Oh I can't forget and my new fave green papaya salad...so nummy!", "This place disproves the old \"location, location, location\" line.  Located in a seedy strip mall off E Sahara, these folks talk Thai,  very well.  The key to the menu here is prolificity, with close to 150 items capped off by a series of Chef's dishes and curries all of them fresh and interesting.  For me it was the Roast Duck Red Curry with pineapple and a dash of coconut milk, preceded by an amazing salad of crispy Soft shelled crab tossed with shaved cabbage, lime, peanuts and fresh chili (10/10).  But wait, there's more!  Wine list is crazy extensive for an ethnic joint.  Great German riesling selection, to be expected, but a surprising amount of Burgundy plus a ton of other old and new world juice.  When in Sin City don't forget to tell your cabby (sorry no tram) to hit the Village Square Commercial Center and check out my favorite place for a taste of Thai.", "We had dinner there a year ago, and it was the best Thai food I've ever had.  I've been searching for something comparable since, and have failed.\n\nDo NOT eat at their lunch buffet.  I'd give the lunch buffet 2 stars.  It's like they have two different chefs.", "Went here for Xmas. it's totally worth the cab ride. Fierce!", "Wonderful flavors, great great Thai food!\nI also like to come here for the buffet lunch with a friend. It's only ten bucks you can't beat it!\nTake your pick you can't go wrong unless you're like Ben Stiller in Along Came Polly.", "Wow, the best Thai food I have outside Thailand. Well worth the effort to get there. A word of caution, be conservative with the spice. The papaya salad blew mouth away. The sea bass was magnificent. Let the waiter steer you. Also it was very reasonable priced.\nMy wife can't stop talking about it.", "You may get panhandled by a meth addict or two in the parking lot of neglect, but this Thai place is serious business. The menu is huge, and the food is the drug that the masses line up for. Big wine selection if you want to go all the way. Play up the spicyness scale from 1-10 if your server offers.", "\"Pick your spiciness level on a scale of one to ten for any dish you desire.\" Hell, yes!\n\nWe would have walked the ~1.5-mile distance from Circus Circus, but it was unseasonably wet (and cold) outside. We gave up and took a taxi, which set us back by about $15 round trip, including tip. Our taxi driver asserted that the shopping center that the Lotus of Siam is situated in is the first shopping center in Vegas. I haven't fact-checked him, but it did seem like it'd been around for quite some time, especially the funky parking and overall traffic layout.\n\nJon A. and I picked out three dishes (with the help of our server), and I opted to try the Thai lime drink. The dishes included a bowl of Tom Yum Plar Dook (hot and sour soup with catfish, lime juice, lemongrass and straw mushrooms), roasted duck curry, and beef Khao Soi (Northern Thai egg noodles in curry sauce and coconut cream with your choice of beef or chicken, served with a side of with sliced red onions, lime, and pickled vegetables). Including Jon's soft drink, we ended up $45 lighter, including tax and tip.\n\nEverything was delectable, but we suspected that they may have mixed up our spice-level orders. Jon's spiciness tolerance level is much higher than mine, so we ordered the communal soup and my roasted duck curry as a six, and the Khao Soi was to be a ten. However, after profusely sweating through the catfish soup and hoping I'd be able to handle my curry, we realized that the soup was probably the ten and the entrees both ended up sixes. Oh, well: everything was delicious, and I'd go back and order that soup at a ten again. The heat from both temperature and spiciness really hit the spot! And the Thai lime drink? Well, it was a little too sweet for my tastes, but it was nice to cool off with while working on that soup.\n\nDon't expect much from the atmosphere, but that hardly matters. The crowds spoke by filling up the place by 7:30 PM on a Thursday evening. (Luckily we arrived before the swarms did. And the swarms had a wait of 45 minutes when we were leaving.) The service is pretty good for an Asian restaurant, but don't expect utter perfection.\n\nThe verdict: Excellent Thai restaurant! It ranks up there on my favorites. Not sure when I'll be back in Vegas, but if I do find myself on the Strip, then I'll be sure to stop in at the Lotus again.", "one the best thai joints out there; crispy rice is a must try. and there's a dish with raw fresh shrimp with a really tasty spicy sauce.  very creative and very good.", "pretty darn good.\n\nthe papaya salad, medium, was pretty good.  my coworkers thought it was too spicy but i liked it.\n\nthe green curry was good.  creamy.\nthe tom yum was really good too.  \n\nexpect spicy if you order medium. or maybe it was just that day.\nwilll go back."]
[2010, "season2"]	["(Devin is my boyfriend, parents are obviously my parents)\n\nOn Saturday, Devin and I took my parents to Lotus of Siam. We have been in a bowling league with most of the waitstaff for about a year now, and we've been meaning to go there. When an article about this year's James Beard award floated my way, I noticed that among the nominees, which included the Chefs from Joel Robuchon and Rick Moonen, was the Chef from Lotus of Siam. That sealed the deal; we had to go there as soon as possible.\n\nThe restaurant is easy to drive right by; there's a sign on what looks like a warehouse on Sahara, just east of the Strip. Never fear; the entrance is on the other side, and the ambiance is nice. We didn't have reservations but got in at 7PM on a Saturday night with no problem. The crowd started showing up at 8, so I would recommend reservations for a later meal.\n\nThe wine list is huge, but since I didn't know what I was planning on eating, I just ordered a beer. They have both Singha and Chang beer from Thailand. The menu is similarly huge, probably ten pages of dishes conveniently numbered so you don't have to fumble through pronunciations if you aren't used to ordering Thai food.\n\nI started with the Tom Yum Kai soup, which is my favorite thing to eat at Thai restaurants. I asked for it hot-spicy. Heed my warning: If you're at all nervous about your heat threshold, go for medium-spicy. I love really spicy food, so I thought the soup was great. I also ordered the Spicy Catfish. It was thin filets of fish battered and fried, with a delicious sauce, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I even had leftovers since we ordered so many other dishes.\n\nOther things ordered were the stuffed chicken wings appetizer, the chicken satay with peanut sauce, and the jackfruit dish, which was, I believe, mashed jackfruit, pork, and herbs in a spicy sauce. That one was delicious, as was everything else. My Dad ordered a salmon dish, which he said was really great. I believe it because there was absolutely nothing left on his plate when he was done, and the man knows his salmon. Devin ordered the Pad Thai, which was probably the best I've ever had. The noodles were very thin compared to the rice stick noodles that are usually used for Pad Thai, and it was also hot enough to excite my spice-seeking palate, even when ordered at medium-spicy.\n\nThen came dessert. One of my favorite things in the world is sticky rice with mango, so we ordered that. They put a dessert platter together for us that included the rice, mango, some coconut ice cream, and some fried bananas. They do their fried bananas in phyllo dough, which is something I'd never seen before, and I loved it. Do not skip dessert, even if it means taking some of your main course home like we did.\n\nThe service was excellent, and I'm not just saying that because our waiter was one of our bowling buddies. They were attentive, and when we asked to take about five different things home, they took the plates away and boxed everything separately for us. Most impressive and refreshing: My Dad asked the waiter what he should order from two choices, and the waiter honestly told him which dish he liked better (the salmon), instead of pulling the, \"Well, they're both good...\" junk that waitstaff usually gives you when you ask for a recommendation.\n\nI thought the price was incredible considering how much food we had. Including food, drinks, dessert, and two hours of just fun eating, we walked out at less than $40 a person. Parking is convenient, abundant, and free.\n\nI can see why people call this place the best Thai restaurant in America. It's the best one that I've been to. I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this restaurant.", "3.5 Stars\n\nI was really looking forward to this place and had high expectations especially when Mr. Gold says this is the \"Best Thai food in North America.\" We came on a Friday around 6:30 and were seated right away without reservations. I was really happy because the last time I tried coming here the place was packed.\n\nAfter reading some of the review highlights here's what we ordered:\n\nTom Yum Kai (with coconut milk) - very simple soup with basil, mushrooms and chicken, but the soup was delicious. I can taste the lemongrass and coconut milk and it was just a little spicy.\n\nNam Kao Tod (Crispy rice mixed with minced sour sausage, green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, and lime juice) - Very interesting dish, I think it was a little to sour for me and not just from the sausage but it was nice to try something I've never had before.\n\nBeef saut\u00e9ed in a garlic cilantro pepper sauce, served on bed of green - beef slices were tender and I loved the sauce, this was my favorite dish but I wish they put more beef in it.\n\nKhao Soi (Burmese influence on Northern Thai egg noodle  with beef in a curry sauce and coconut cream) - I love Northern Thai food (Spicy BBQ in LA) and was happy to see a Northern Thai section. The beef was very juicy, a different cut from the garlic beef. This dish was a little more spicy but I loved it. After eating all the noodles we added the rice to mix with the curry sauce. Don't forget to use the limes, it made the dish better. This dish was my 2nd favorite.\n\nDrunken Noodle Seafood - this was ok, they did put in a lot of seafood but it wasn't mind blowing.\n\nDessert: A sample of Mango Sticky Rice, Fried Banana, and Coconut Ice Cream - I think this was the best sticky rice I've had! The coconut ice cream was very refreshing with small chunks of coconut. The fried bananas were good too, not too sweet.\n\nIncluding 2 beers and 2 Thai ice teas, tax and tip the bill was slightly over $100, I thought that was pretty pricey for Thai food. Especially when some of the dishes had smaller portions. However service was good and they were very friendly to us. I probably wouldn't have ordered the Drunken Noodles and tried another Northern Thai dish. \n\nI'd come back if I'm in the mood for Thai food on my next Vegas trip.", "5 stars for food, 3 for service... average 4. \n\nService... not so good. It took them 20 min to take our order (it wasn't we weren't ready they just never came by). However, the waiters were serving this big table next to us. As someone who used to wait tables I know it is easy to neglect other tables when you have one massive party to attend to. \n\nI'm def. willing to give it another chance though as my friend said she never has bad service there. \n\nThe food was excellent. Most Thai places I've been too felt \"cheap\"... this was the only Thai place I've been to that felt \"expensive\" if that makes any sense... like the got high quality ingredients and didn't skimp on the spices. They get an A++ for having a dish with assorted seafood that *GASP* wasn't overcooked or previously frozen for an extended period of time (i.e. rubbery seafood). We had the drunken noodles with assorted seafood as that's what yelpers appear to be having. We also had that peanut sauce beef (beef rama) and fish cakes. All were good. The fish cakes were interesting... little better than normal but had a lot of chilis... probably the most underwhelming of all the dishes... This place has so much though that if I'm in Vegas again I'll try some more!\n\nFunny though that only some things are marked spicy while some are not (i.e. fish cake and drunken noodles). People who can't eat too spicy food be warned... I can handle pretty spicy food and the DN were surprising (though good). I'm sure my friends who don't eat as spicy food were dying (or as she said, crying, lol) inside. I wonder how spicy the dishes marked spicy are then!", "Although this restaurant is not located in the most glamorous of locations, the food itself is just amazing and definitely worth a visit.  I have eaten both dinner and the lunch buffet here before, and it is always very good.  I even had a friend order some to-go, freeze it, and bring it back with him to Minnesota it was so good!", "Amazingly rich menu of Thai favorites.  A huge selection of seafood.  And make sure you try the lunch buffet with a different specialty selection every day.", "Best Thai in America? I think not. \n\nI mean the food was good and it was tasty. But I like my food HOT. It all came out luke warm. humm.... My favorite dish was the seabass over drunken noodles b/c it was the only one that came out HOT and it tasted yummy. \n\nThe wine we got was not a good one. Some type of Riesling. \n\nMaybe we came on a bad day but overall not that impressed.", "Came here 3 times during a recent trip to vegas! It's off the strip and about a $20 cab ride.  If you're with a group, the cab ride here is absolutely worth it! The place gets packed!! It's not an undiscovered gem anymore. So, reservations are a MUST.  They apparently have expanded and done some remodeling so the space is quite big.  There is a pretty extensive wine selection here, which totally surprised me for a place located in a strip mall.  Friends have said the neighborhood is not the best.  \n\nAs for the food, WOW!  A huge selection of thai dishes.  The curries, pad siew and soups are all great.  Be careful of the papaya salad, tell them that u want it not spicy or mild b/c it is VERY spicy, but Oh so good!  On our last night in vegas, we ordered the lobster special and it was delicious!!  Super flavorful and sweet.  They also have great coconut ice cream here, with real pieces of coconut.   \n\nIf you live in Vegas, or are visiting, go to Lotus of Siam!", "Came here recently while on a weekend Vegas trip. At first I thought, \"Really, Thai food off the strip. Why??? when there's SOO many other great restaurants to try. But I'm glad that we went, it's definitely a diamond in the rough. It's a causal place with a menu, much like other Thai places, thick as a novel. There was only two of us so we couldn't order that many things but everything was great. I think the highlight was their insane wine selection. And I didn't get a chance to really look but it must of been decent prices b/c the table next to us was ordering bottles of Cakebread, like it was soda or something. Our waitress recommended a glass of Sauvignon Blanc that we both enjoyed. \n\nFood: \nSea Bass in ginger sauce- not the whole seabass that some Thai places give, but I think I like it better this way.\nShrimp Pad Thai- the other fattie I was with, seemed to like this dish alot. Kept ranting and raving about it being the best Pad Thai since being in Thailand. I guess there's some credibility to Chef P's statements\nGreen curry- loved it, nice and spicy. But could probably get that at any Thai place in LA. \n\nNext Vegas trip, will def make it a point to go back and try some other things and hopefully with a group of people so that we can order more dishes and this time get some bottles of wine!!!", "Dear Mr.Talkative Man, \n\nI like spending my hour flight with you to Las Vegas. You were  so funny and there was so much to learn about in such a short amunt of time. I would like to thank you by telling me about Lotus of Siam. \n\nI have to say the location is kinda hidden. I had a hard time finding it with my GPS. It is in a stip mall that looks run down. I would never think that such a place would be so popular. \n\nI came here with Kim D.  I was so happy to see lemon grass drink on the menu. I have looked at all of the dinning places in the Bay Area and have not ever seen it on the Menu.\n\n I tried it once when I was on a trip to Thialand.  I remered to being sweeter with a fuller taste to it.  The one at Lotus of Saim brought me back to Thailand. It is not as sweet and taste as if there has been more water added to the drink. That being said it was still good.\n\nWe had also odered a soup it was sweet and sour with chicken and coconut. It was the best soup I have ever had. Notes of lemon and coconut rang out. A dance that came together. I wish I could bring it home. \n\nWe had also odered the Pad Thai with shrimp and eggs whites only. the pad thai was only oki. \n\nthe last dish was Larb with pork. It was only oki as well.", "Extraordinary!  I try to visit every time I'm in Vegas and that's about every month or so.  Can someone say degen?  \n\nSo, we had the following and loved them all:\n\nTom Yum Koong (Shrimp) Soup\nPapaya Salad\nCombination Fried Rice (chicken, shrimp, pork)\nSea Bass Drunken Noodles\nCurry Chicken\nFried Garlic Prawns \nKao Soi Braised Short Rib\nCoconut Ice Cream", "Holy crap this place is good.  After having eaten mediocre room service food and hotel food for a day and a half, the girls and I decided to venture away from the strip and eat here for dinner.  Well worth it!  I would recommend getting the drunken crab noodles, which is a lot like Kee-mao (my fave Thai noodle dish) with soft shell crab, the penang curry with braised short ribs (to die for), and the mango sticky rice.  This was like a party in my mouth.", "I ate here several times when I first moved to Vegas, and never was very impressed with anything except the Tom Kha Kai.  Then I taught myself how to make it and decided the rubbery squid and the average curries were not worth the trip to Commercial Center.\n\nI came back recently and had an interesting dish, soft shell crab drunken noodle, a bit on the pricey side - the crab itself was tasty, with the spicy level appropriate (7/10), basil and mint.  The drunken noodle was a bunch of clumped-together wide noodles, so I should have ordered the soft shell crab salad (cabbage, lime dressing, peanuts) instead - I am a big fan of the Vietnamese soft shell crab salad with watercress (cua lot chien bo, a fave of mine at Vietopia in Houston).\n\nThis time we also tried the Tom Kha Kai, and it wasn't as memorable, just a limey coconut-y soup, which I now can make equally as good if not better...the Thai tea was great, the SERVICE was outstanding during the meal except we never got the spicy condiments we asked for and then all waitstaff disappeared and we had to ask the owner or manager for the check.\n\nThe renovation and expansion is certainly an inviting factor - the atmosphere is nice.  Also, Mayor Goodman was dining there, and he turned on his way out the door and waved to our section, and we all waved and cooed, \"Bye Mayor!\"\n\nOverall, prices can be reasonable, but this still hasn't tickled my fancy.  I have yet to be impressed with any Thai restaurants in LV besides Komol (and Pin Kaow is worth another chance), and next time I am out this way I am going to Komol.", "I don't know how people can call this the best thai in LV. I'm sure there have to be several places that are better. The location is in a sketchy area. The food is very very reasonably priced. Service was great. The food was alright. Definitely not the best.", "I first went to Lotus of Siam sometime last year, and didn't return until sometime last month.  I loved the food the first time around, it's just that my friends and I have been trying to go to all the restaurants we discover on Yelp!  When I ate there last year, it was before the restaurant had been remodeled.  It was a small space for such a popular restaurant, and reservations seemed to be the way to go.  Now that should have changed with the recent remodel, which added more dining space, a bar and large wine selection.\n\nAll of the dishes I've had here have been delicious.  I could live off of the pad thai and crab fried rice.  (Funny story about the crab fried rice: during our first visit we were trying to order fried rice, but with chicken or shrimp, something that wasn't crab.  Our pushy waitress told us, \"No, you want the crab fried rice.\"  After she repeatedly insisted we get that, we gave in; we were not disappointed.  We DID want the crab fried rice, we just didn't know it yet!)  I can't comment as to what other dishes I've had there, as I'm not very familiar with thai food.  The only other thai restaurants I have under my belt are Archi's Thai Kitchen and Thai Spice (where I always get the orange chicken...).\n\nAs you can probably tell by most of the reviews, the food ranges from good to outstanding.  I'll let you read everyone elses reviews since, like I said, I'm not well versed when it comes to thai.  However, the one thing I do feel I need to talk about is the service.  It is absolutely great that the dining space has been expanded, allowing more tables for guests to be seated at.  What I don't like is that the waiters/waitresses did not appear to be assigned to a specific area or set of tables.  There were a lot of employees working during the Friday night I went there, many of whom served my table at one point or another.  I don't think we had the same server visit our table twice that night, which made it annoying when trying to flag someone down.  I can't count the number of times I saw a server with a tray of food standing around looking lost and confused, wondering which table the order belonged to.  Trying to get more water, order more dishes, order dessert, or get the check was a trial in patience.\n\nDoes the quality of the food outweigh my bad experience with the service?  Yes, it does.  But when i recommend this place to friends, the recommendation will always be accompanied by a footnote to be prepared to do a lot of sitting and waiting.", "I haven't been here in a LONG while (since I left Las Vegas back in early 2009), but I have to say that this restaurant is definitely one of my favorite Las Vegas haunts. For the longest time, I had always gone to Komol next door (across the parking lot) and was always reticent to try LoS. Needless to say, I only wish I had gone more often. LoS has become my gold standard for all Thai restaurants to be compared to. Every dish I've had here has met or exceeded expectations - the balance of flavour (sweet vs. sour vs. heat, etc),  the quality of ingredients,  and the preparation. From the Drunken Noodles to the curries to the more exotic dishes like whole catfish (PLAR DOOK O-CHA)....you'll be happy you came here. This place has gotten a lot of press and tends to be more packed than when I first started going there over 5 years ago....but it's worth going to when you order off the menu. If you like heat (spice), they don't skimp. I love everything at a '10' and they always accommodate....just beware. ;) They also have a killer wine list to boot according to my wine snob brother.  Just a note, they serve a lunch buffet that is pretty good - but the heat and such is bland (for the masses)....just ask for the peppers and you should be fine!", "I'm still kind of a newbie when it comes to Thai food, but I do love curry, and Lotus of Siam's was awesome! I came here for lunch with some friends that swore \"it's the best Thai food they've ever had\".  \nI had the green curry and tofu over sticky rice. It was the perfect spice level. I also tasted my friends beef satays with peanut sauce which were delicious! \nIt was very busy on a Tuesday afternoon, and we waited about 20 minutes, but it was worth it! \nI will definitely come back and try some of their recommended specialty dishes. I'm especially intrigued by the koong sarong (bacon and wonton wrapped prawns) yum!\n Soon, I will be a Thai food connoisseur!", "It doesn't look like much from the outside, but I guess that's the point behind the phrase, \"hidden gem.\"  Really though, there is nothing hidden about it, since it's been reviewed countless times, 306 at the time of this writing.  Its also been featured in magazines, and for good reason.  I love this place.  I also have an infatuation with their fried prawns.  I always come as soon as they open.  That way I can be seated immediately.  I always leave room for dessert.  Can't go wrong with coconut ice cream, unless you hate coconut.", "It's early evening in LV and nobody wants to leave the timeshare.   My son makes a recommendation that Lotus of Siam might be the best spot to grab a decent takeout.  This place is excellent!  \nI had a slight challenge finding this place as my GPS wanted me to enter a male escort service.  The restaurant is not visible from the street as it faces inwards in a very ragged square strip mall.  The inside reminds me of a typical bkk restaurant, complete with Thai speaking staff.  \nEveryone in my family enjoyed the selections I retrieved.  Very friendly staff and a great selection which is more on the traditional tasting side.\nDefinitely worth a visit while in Las Vegas.  Next time we're sitting inside the restaurant to enjoy the great dishes and ambiance of this very nice off-strip restaurant.\n\nSawadee krap!", "Located in a little asian strip mall, nestled between an indian restaurant and a wig shop? Yes, I am talking about the best Thai restaurant in the Country. Please do not judge this place by the outside, it does not do it justice. Walk inside and you forget where you're at. First thing you see is the glass wine cellar, it's a beautiful thing. I don't even drink wine for Christ's sake! The walls are plastered with pictures of celebrities and some other people I've never seen in my life. The ones I recognized are Drew Barrymore, Tyler Florence & Mario Batali. We didn't have reservations but were seated almost immediately, it was a Monday so I figured we wouldn't have a problem.\n\nThe menu was mind boggling, I wanted to try at least 10 different dishes on my own, but had to settle on 1. The 4 of us ended up ordering beef satay, fried chicken dumplings, chicken pad see ewe, garlic pepper pork, shrimp chu che & spicy catfish. Let me tell you, we ate every little morsel, nothing was left. The spicy catfish kicked my ass, it was HOT!! For dessert we had fried bananas & coconut ice cream, we all agreed this was the best Thai food we've ever had. So delicious!\n\nThe service was fast and friendly, plates cleared right away, drinks were filled immediately, it was a well oiled machine. I can't wait to come back, I want to try so many different dishes, I LOVE YOU LOTUS OF SIAM.", "Lotus is one of my all time favorites in Las Vegas.  Always packed and only recently expanded their dining room.  I'm glad they didn't also update the drab, dated, poorly-lit, yet chandeliered carpeteria but in an awesome way space.  \n\nPart of the fun is braving the gnarly and forgotten Commerical Center (as far from City Center as you can get).  The giant lot is riddled with weeds and broken glass and homeless and surrounded by blue-collar gay bars, fetish shops, the Green Door, and other strange and secluded shops.\n\nInside you'll find friendly service and a hodgepodge of Vegas' real movers and shakers.  If you want tool-academy rejects and busboy-pimps, head to the Palms and Tryst and Tao.  The Vegas pols and artists and hipsters and foodies head to Lotus to Thai one on without breaking the bank.\n\nI love the usual Thai-noodle standards (great pad woon-sen and pad thai) and curries, but the spice seekers head for the Northern menu, the Chef's home turf and specialty.\n\nGreat list of German whites to stand up to the spice as well.", "My co worker came to Vegas and he was craving Thai food. I had the perfect place in mind! It was Wednesday night and we chose to go late and hopefully miss the crowds. \n\nWTF? The restaurant was still very busy, but we lucked out and didn't have to wait for a table. \n\nEntrees ordered: \nBowl Seafood Soup: Just right for two people, lots of seafood, spicy and delicious - 5 stars. \nPork Pad Woonsen: Glass noodles with pork, eggs, and veggies - 4 Stars. \nRoasted Duck Curry: Duck with pineapple, bell pepper and tomatoes with red curry sauce - 3 1/2 stars. \nNua Sao Renu: Charbroiled Beef  with a special sauce served over cabbage, THE BOMB - 5 stars. \n\nFood was incredible, I sucked down Singha beers attempting to extinguish my burning mouth from the soup (I bit into a spicy pepper). All the dishes are prepared uniquely and my co worker and I left totally content.", "My friend is a really busy lady so when we go out, I usually try to find places near her home to minimize her commute.  We had planned to have dinner at Pin-Kaow and originally planned  to meet at 6 PM, then delayed to 630, and finally 7ish was decided upon.  She called to let me know that she got a lot of work done and has a lot of free time.  We started talking about Pin Kaow and find out she she's been there.  I like her to have new experiences, so I asked if she would be interested in trying out Lotus of Siam.  An enthusiastic \"yes\"...\n\nIt's been 5 years since I'd been here and called to see if reservations are needed.  I spoke with a guy named \"Bank\" who later I found out is the Manager.  He said they are booked and walk in's may need to wait 20 minutes.  I asked if they had a bar and he said that they do have a bar.  (that's new since I was last there)...I then asked if there was a \"walk in\" list.  He took my name and added my friend and we were good to go.  \n\nLast time I was here a HUGE fight with around 15 people broke out in the parking lot.  The neighborhood is sketchy so have  your head on a swivel if you go.  When we arrived, there are what looks like patrons waiting outside for a table.  I was beginning to wonder how big the bar is.  We walk in and THEY EXPANDED!!!  They have a huge wine selection now!  Wow!  We announced our arrival and let them know we would be waiting in the Bar.  Everyone was very nice.  Zero, zip, nada attitude.  \n\nWe sat down, had ordered wine by that glass and were seated about 10 minutes later.  \n\nI usually order the same foods regardless of which Thai establishment we go to so I asked Joe, our Waiter, for his recommendations.  We ordered the NAM KAO TOD Crispy rice appetizer that's mixed with minced sour sausage, green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, and lime juice..  I'm big on hot dogs/sausage, so Joe offered it made with Tofu.  Excellent decision.  For our main course we ordered a Northern Thai dish called Northern Laub, which apparently is ompletely different from the Issan larb in taste, this northern style larb (ground pork) is cooked with Northern Thai spices and no lime juice, garnished with fresh herbs and vegetables.  I think I would have preferred to have this made with Tofu too but didn't want to upset the Chef with too many changes.  However, I think it would ahve been cool if it did.  They are very accommodating.  I've almost been kicked out for making a suggestion at a SF Chinatown spot. Anyway, an finally, La Piste de resistance,  Khao Soi.  This typical Burmese influenced Northern Thai egg noodle is served in curry sauce and coconut cream (your choice of beef or chicken), garnished with sliced red onion, lime and pickled vegetables.  All of these dishes can be made with a spiciness range from 1-10.  We ordered a 7 for all and the smoke was perfect...I could have gone to an 8, but it was a perfect dish at 7.  Do NOT eat the little red peppers in the dish or have water ready.  Ice water.  Oh, we also ordered the Thai Tea.  Very refreshing.  They do not have coffee there.  Well, they do have instant, but is that really coffee, is it?\n\nOh man...the La Piste de resistance is really the sample platter dessert.  It's comprised of Coconut ice cream, Sticky rice with Mango's (if you like the salty sweet thing then this is your thing), and Fried banana rolls drizzled with honey.  Menu diva at it again...we were full so didn't want a Cheesecake Factory sized dessert.  Joe hooked up a sample Sampler for us.  The very sweet dessert maker delivered it for us and reaffirmed that it was made smaller for us.  It was sill plenty of food though.  ( I promised my friend I would not mention that she ate 75% of each plate, though she claims more of a 50 50 split.  Hey, I'm not mad at her. A gurl's gotta eat, right?)   \n\nOur bill for the two of us was less than $50 and we got our grub and drink on big...well, at least she did...kidding of course...kind of...OKAY...I am kidding.  We both ate good.\n\nWhen I first moved here in 2001, I discovered Lotus of Siam listening to NPR.  The were saying how Gourmet Magazine chooses the top 10 restaurants in LV every year and every year, Lotus of Siam is selected.  How can one resist right?  The food was not awe inspiring, but I would not kick it out of bed for eating crackers either.  The food was 3 stars, the Service was 5 stars so I took an average of the two...(3+5)/2) is equal to 8/2 which equals 4...just in case...\n\nAlrighty then!!!\n\nEnjoy!\n\nChow!", "Oh Lotus of Siam. How I have been dreaming about you..!\n\nI have been coming to this restaurant for years now. Almost 4x a year on my quarterly Vegas trips...but it had been awhile since I've been back. \n\nSo on my last trip, I decided to reward my belly with the best Thai food ever. Call me crazy, but I totally don't remember Lotus of Siam tasting as good as it did the last time I went. \n\nI had a party of 4 and no reservations early Sunday night. Luckily there was room for us (typically if you have no reso, you can expect to eat dinner at 9pm..or never!). It's always a good sign to see other customers coming to eat at the restaurant via taxi with all of their luggage in tow. You know they mean business. \n\nWe didn't order too much since we weren't that hungry. We had 2 soups (just cups) of the Tom Yum Kai and wonton soup. They were both great! We then ordered the green papaya salad, and weren't disappointed. It was so perfectly seasoned and refreshing. \n\nFor our entrees we ordered the green curry (it had eggplant..yumm), pad thai and the best chinese broccoli w/ fried pork belly I've ever had in the world. \n\nWhy oh why is fried pork belly bad for you? Well, just for an hour forget about how unhealthy it is and just eat as much as you can!! The 4 of us were fighting over the last piece of crispy goodness. \n\nThey expanded their dining area and even have a bar!! There are also 2 bathrooms for your enjoyment.\n\nThere are only 2 things I can complain about Lotus:\n1. The portions are smaller than your usual Thai joint. So if we were really hungry, we would have had to have ordered 2 more entrees and 1 more salad for sure for our party of 4. \n2. Service was incredibly slow during our dinner. I'm not sure if this is normal, or if they're still adjusting to the new additional dining area, but we waited a long long time for our food. We had to ask our waiter 2x to check on it. \n\nBut despite these 'complaints', they really won't stop me from coming back. If anything, I've been caught drooling at my desk, thinking about Lotus of Siam. It's definitely the best Thai I've ever had.", "Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. I've been to this place twice on my annual business trips to Vegas, and it's A-MAZING. It's hidden in a sort of shady-looking plaza, but don't let that deter you! They have pictures of celebrities all over the wall, as well as awards and accolades for best food EVER. \n\nA large and varied menu, the food is darn good. Forgive me that I can't remember the names of everything, but I've had a Thai dish that was out of this world, as well as a really good appetizer that is pork stuffed into chicken. My colleagues loved their dishes (which was good, since I suggested the place), and the coconut ice cream is awesome. The staff is friendly, and it felt really good to sit down there and eat a great meal after a long day at a convention. If I ever make it out to Vegas again, this is my number one spot to hit!", "Super good Thai food. Comparable with Ruen Pair in Hollywood.", "THE BEST THAI FOOD EVER!  no where else just like it... believe me.... i tried searching for a similar Thai place in LA\n\ni usually stick to the same dishes, which keeps me coming back each time i visit vegas.  I LOVE the garlic prawn and the crispy rice.  \n\nthis place is a hole in the wall to me due to the location and the looks of it, but the food really proves itself.  there are even pictures of famous chefs on the wall such as Joel Robuchon, Guy Savoy and much more.\n\nif you haven't tried already, your missing out....", "The best Thai food I have ever had! There were so many dishes to choose from that I actually forgot what we ordered. But I remember that the portions were smaller and on the pricey side. But then again, I didn't feel like I was pigging out even though we ordered a lot of dishes. \n\nIf you're in VEGAS with your friends, I highly recommend checking it out! As far as the price, I would rather eat here than shell out $$$ at any of the Asian fusion [insert a chef's famous name here] on the strip.", "They bought the unit next door and expanded the restaurant, lots of seating now.   Still exceptional as always.", "This place has been called \"The Best Thai Restaurant in North America.\" I'm not sure how this was determined, but the food is pretty delicious.  And, yes, you CAN get many items veganized here: the ala carte menu is a great place to get some veggie and/or tofu combinations, from Pad Prik King to Chili Mint, to green curry (one of my faves!).  Just be sure to tell them no fish sauce and ask about which curry bases are OK. (Sometimes red curry is made w/ shrimp paste).  The spicy vegetable soup is amazing and lives up to it's name! The phrase \"I can't feel my lips anymore, but I can't stop eating this!\" is commonly uttered.  You can actually get a few delicious dessert options here too! Sticky rice w/ mango, coconut ice cream (made w/ coconut milk FTW!), fried bananas.... all delish.\n\nBonus: they have Albarino(!!!!!) and Stone IPA on their drink menu, so I get my choice of two of my favourite bevvy's to complete my meal.  \n\nThey have recently expanded and about doubled their seating capacity, so it's easier than it used to be to get a table too!  I would recommend a reservation on a Fri or Sat.... but if it's packed you can always trot over to Komol for some excellent chow as well.\n\nI will say this though -- I have been vegan about 7 years and don't stray from that.  I also generally try to encourage others to eat in a similar manner.  HOWEVER - when I take meat eaters to Lotus, I pretty much insist that they order off the Northern Thai menu.  Only one item on there doesn't have meat, but the dishes are very rarely found on American Thai menus... So just go for it already! If you're an adventurous eater, you'll probably love it.", "This place is sanity off the strip.  \n\nLocated in a strip mall cluster of Asian stores that look boarded up and whose names are hard to read, Lotus of Siam eluded me on the first attempt, but I'm glad I pursued it by way of a back street that revealed just how big this shopping center is.  This might help: it is right next door to Namaste Indian.  The restaurant is one of many that line a massive deserted parking lot that will make you think twice about getting out of your car, but inside the feeling was totally different.  \n\nThe servers were super friendly and helpful, and there were sane people there, sitting at tables, wearing clothes, on lunch breaks from office jobs or sober enough today to make it a few miles off the strip with cheerful faces, the ability to form coherent sentences, and the sense to seek out real food at reasonable prices.  What a relief!\n\nI'm not a fan of buffet, and looking at this one didn't change my mind.  The selection was limited and the items looked like typical buffet food.  However, for those interested, the couple of main entrees looked decent and smelled good, and the $8.99 it costs seems more than fair.  \n\nI opted for the menu and was completely satisfied.  Interestingly, they have a northern Thai food section, and I got the first dish listed.  It is an egg noodle dish served in a red coconut curry broth.  Even though it wasn't on the menu I was able to get tofu instead of chicken or beef.  The bowl of steaming sweet, spicy, sour, and creamy deliciousness is topped with cilantro, green onion, and a few fried noodles and served with a plate of \"sliced\" red onion, pickled cabbage, and a lime wedge.  The broth was absolutely delicious!  I savored each spoonful, and before I knew it had eaten the entire bowl.  It was the perfect portion for lunch.  \n\nAs for the garnish, the pickled cabbage had an interesting earthy taste underneath the vinegar, but I don't know what vegetable it was exactly.  The server thought it might be napa.  The only thing I would change would be the red onions which I think would have been much better if they were actually sliced rather than coarsely chopped as they were.  I love just about any vegetable ingredient, but huge chunks of raw onion are an exception.  \n\nMy general feeling for this place is gratitude and affection.  The food was excellent, the servers earnest, and the atmosphere perfect for decompressing from the chaos of the strip.  I would definitely come back if I happened through Vegas again, but then I might get too curious about the neighboring restaurants...", "This place serves pretty good thai food in my opinion.  The portions are a bit smaller than I expected.  The bright side to that is you get to try out other dishes.  I was in a rush so I did not really get to order all out at the time.  \n\nThere was a waiting line for 2 people on a Saturday at 9 PM.  The staff were friendly, but it took them a while to come our table to put in our order.  The place was busy at the time or maybe they were short on staff that night.  The inside was nice and clean.  There is a large wall of wine to choose from.  The prices are a bit more than I normally pay for thai food.  Two dishes, thai iced tea, tax, and tip ended up ~$30.\n\nI ordered the beef noodle soup and the pineapple fried rice.  The beef noodle soup was pretty good.  It was spicy, but not too bad.  I normally don't like to eat spicy foods, but I was able to enjoy the noodle soup dish.  The pineapple fried rice had a hint of yellow curry, large chunks of pineapple, chicken, and shrimp.  The rice was nice and fluffy.  The thai iced tea was pretty good too.  \n\nOn the way out I saw a picture of Drew Barrymore on the wall.  I don't really like her movies, but at least she has pretty good taste in thai food.  Also a picture of Elvis was on the wall too.  Hey, if the food is good enough for the King, its good enough for me.\n\nI do regret not ordering dessert.  I will definitely go back to this place and try out other items and get dessert.\n\nBon Appetit!", "This was our 2nd time at Lotus of Siam after being introduced to this restaurant years ago by our friends from LA. This restaurant does not skimp on flavors. EVERYTHING is bursting with lots and lots of flavors.\n\nNow I can take some heat; I can take jalape\u00f1os no prob and even little bits of habanero in my sushi. But the mild level of spiciness of Lotus of Siam's soup is a bit much for me especially after the chili sits in the soup for a while. So order at your own risk!\n\nCrispy rice mixed with minced sour sausage is one of the popular dishes mentioned here on Yelp and it deserved the reputation. Like I said, BURSTING with flavors.\n\nThe crispy duck with chu-chee was delicious!  Now I had no idea what chu-chee is, but the crispy duck came out in a red curry. Both the duck and the curry was very good. My only complaint is the price tag of $20 for a few pieces of duck and not very much sauce. It was good though!\n\nIf you took a cab to Lotus of Siam, be sure to ask the cab driver for a card/phone # and call for a cab to pick you up when you get the check. It does take some time for cabs to get to this location so if you call when you get the check, you shouldn't have to wait much longer after you're done settling the bill.", "Visit #1: \n\nTo be fair, so far this review is only for the buffet... which was god awful.  I can't see how anyone could rate this as quality food, even those that don't really know authentic Thai food.  In an attempt to be fair though, I will return one day and try their main course dishes.  I've not heard good things about Lotus from friends of mine that know real Thai food.  I'll reserve my own judgment for a time when I can try something other than the horrible buffet they have during lunch.", "We were here about a year ago and I still remember how good our meal was. I remember that I had something from the 'Northern' part of the menu. I wanted to get another bowl of this right AFTER stuffing ourselves at the Wynn buffet! So that tells you how good the soup was because the Wynn buffet is so good! My husgand had the pad thai and it was good but he was playing it good and there's a lot of places that do good pad thai.", "We were there for spring break vacation. Cousin recommended the place. It looks like a dump from outside but it's nice inside and very large place. We skipped the buffet and ordered from the menu. Food was very good.", "Widely regarded as one of the best Thai restaurants in the country, Lotus of Siam sits in a semi-dilapidated strip mall.  But don't let the surroundings fool you.  The food here is excellent.  Saipin Chutima was nominated for best chef in the Southwest Region by the James Beard Foundation in 2008.\n\nThe classic Pad Thai is a great rendition.  The noodles aren't overcooked, and the sauce is subtle enough to let the flavor of each ingredient shine through.\n\nThe Sua Rong Hai (charbroiled beef) is a great dish.  Tender, flavorful slices of perfectly cooked beef come with sauce that is somewhat on the spicy side, but not overly so.  The sauce compliments the beef perfectly, instead of overpowering it.\n\nThe Nam-Prik-Noom (Green chili dip) comes with an assortment of vegetables along with fried pork rinds.  Although flavorful, this wasn't as spicy as I was expecting.  A little more heat would have brought an extra dimension to this dish.\n\nThe Musaman Curry is unlike anything I have ever had before.  If you are a fan of Satay and enjoy the peanut sauce that comes along with it, you will absolutely love this dish.  It is like a curried version of the peanut sauce, with roasted peanuts, potatoes, carrots, and chicken.  This is a little on the sweet side, but not cloyingly so.\n\nThe Thai Beef Salad was the best thing I had on the night.  Although relatively simple, the salad was just bursting with flavor.  An explosion of lime juice, fish sauce, and heat make every bite leaving you wanting more.  The beef is very tender and juicy.\n\nThe thing that seems to set Lotus of Siam apart from just about every other Thai restaurant is the BOLDNESS of flavor in each dish and every bite.", "You know, Lotus of Siam seems like one of those great things that they just happen to forget when they were writing the Bible. I came recently and I must say, I'm LOVING the remodeling. It's so bright and spacious now. But don't let the extra space fool you because you will still need a reservation to escape the extremely long wait. \n\n1st place winner: Garlic Prawns: I'm not sure exactly what it's called, but this place is famous for it apparently. What they do is that they have these prawns dipped in a light, garlic tempura sauce and then deep fried. Okay, one: it's deep fried, and two it's garlic with prawns. What could possibly go wrong? It's SUPER delicious! Like the shells from the prawns cracks off the meat and becomes super crispy. I personally think the crispy skins are the best part of it because it just has this awesome crunch and then you have this huge explosion of flavor in your mouth... (I just realized how wrong that last part sounds... oh well!) \n2nd Place: the Shrimp Pad Thai: I was really surprised about the execution of the Pad thai. Unlike most Thai restaurants, they use a thinner and skinnier noodle which actually absorbs the peanut sauce a lot better because of the greater surface area AND it's chewey which deserves my love and affection.\n3rd Place: all other food items. I can't really go into depth on what else you should order here because I'm already drooling enough as is after explaining the prawns.... hehe\n\nThe price is right and it won't leave your wallet crippled, which is excellent because everything else in Vegas is supperrrr expensive! If you want a breather from the strip and delicious food, come here and murder your diet. It is sin city after all. :)", "You really get your money's worth here. Great place to visit when you're broke from frequenting the $50 buffets on the strip.\n\nTheir pad thai is one of the best I've tasted. Our serve told us that they use peanut oil and we've had issues with Asian restaurants that mix their seafood and non-seafood pots and pans. My parents explained all my little brother's food allergies and the guy was really understanding and accommodating. He made sure that the dish we ordered for my brother wasn't deadly :]", "i don't get why everyone seems to love this place. service is pretty slow and the food is just ok. the emphasis seems to be on volume over quality.", "i went there after reading articles about how amazing this place is and i was somewhat let down :("]
[2010, "season4"]	["(Im rating based on the field of buffets)Thai style lunch buffet for only $8.99? Fast-food chains, who? News flash, just in: Curry and I just eloped. All their herbs and spices are potent, they probably have their own garden outside. but then again, this is Las vegas, so their herb and ingredient source is definitely not local, but nevertheless, fresher than the prince of bel air.\n\nForgive me for my lack of knowledge in thai eats, but deep curry puffs(wontons)? shaking my head, \"yes.\" Well. It'd be better if it was freshly fried out of the oil tank, but it's a buffet, so it's a compromise. Just like their pad Thai noodles are a little bit on the dry side, but still tastes decent. They have a nice and simple selection on their buffet menu, like the ginger tofu dish. They also offer regular menus as well, which I have yet to try.\n\nMany of the workers here are smiley, which in that moment, makes me just want to book a flight to Thailand, now. And yes they're on top of their service. I really adore this place.", "Anyone giving this place 3 or below is simply not being realistic.  GREAT food, great wine list, very good service.  I've been 6 times in 2010 and have never ordered off the menu, I simply ask the server.  \n\nThe place itself is not a beauty, but the low prices compared to the great food more than make up for that aspect.", "At Lotus I close my eyes and point and that is what I have for dinner.  It has never let me down, and honestly I am not that adventurous an eater. We take everyone here that we can and this is the not so secret gem of the Vegas foodies.", "Best Thai food I have ever had but it almost didn't happen. I was a little leery when we drove up and there was 16 feet of plywood over the front window. But once we stepped in, it was a whole different story. \n\nFood was great. Complex flavors. Service was great. The only thing I wish is that I could have had was another trip back to eat.", "Best in Vegas... To date... Curry shrimp and drunken noodles are the best!!! 10 for spice and 10 for flavor...", "Came to Lotus of Siam on a friend's recommendation, told this is one of the best thai places in America. This place was very good, in fact the most complete and consistently good thai restaurant. We got several dishes, pananag, larb, crab fried rice, sea bass with drunken noodles and some others. The larb was my favorite, it was amazing! The only negative is that the portion size is a little on the small side, but other than that the food was good. Definitely would go back next time I'm in Vegas.", "Can Lotus of Siam be summed up? Can it be leveled by a few words? You'd be hard pressed. Try criticizing the best Thai meal of your life, one that you paid less for than almost every Thai dinner you've ever had. \n\nCompletely unpretentious, despite an incredible Riesling selection and the most robust and spicy Thai flavors you'll ever come across. Make sure to order Yam Nua, the grilled steak salad with mint and chili.\n\nI am still speechless after my meal, the flavors lingering on my tongue and beckoning me to move to Las Vegas so I can eat here more often. Well, no meal can drive you that far.", "Finally tried this place after numerous trips to Vegas.  This is my FAVORITE Thai restaurant if not THE favorite restaurant in Vegas.  It will definitely be my go to place to eat whenever I am in Sin City.  That is quite a recommendation, considering I am part Thai, my father was a Thai chef, and I travel all over Thailand frequently eating my way through the country :-)\n\nIt is crazy what you find in a nondescript strip mall off the Strip.  Other diners seemed to be enjoying the lunch buffet...when in Vegas, right?  We did look at the food offered on the buffet and it looked good, but after seeing some of the regional dishes that are not commonly available at most Thai restaurants, we had to bypass that.  \n\nThe tod mun pla (fish cakes, sometimes on the menu at Thai restaurants, but more often no) was very good.  The Khao Soi is not offered at very many places.  I can probably count on my hand how many of the thousands of Thai places I have eaten at had this on their menus.  It was phenomenal!  It was authentic to any of khao soi I have had in Chiang Mai and other parts of Thailand.  It was even served with the same garnishes.  The dish was bursting with flavors.  I was in heaven and would have gone back again for dinner that night if I didn't have other obligations.  My friend had the yellow curry and that was very good as well.  \n\nThe servers were attentive and good about refilling our water and checking to see that we were doing okay.  I complimented the chef and raved about the khao soi being as good as any I have had in Chiang Mai and was informed that the chef was from Chiang Mai, so it was great.  They looked like they had a solid wine list as well.  The other great part of the dining experience was the price.  It was $30 for two people with an appetizer, two entrees, and one Thai iced tea.  After dropping $20 for breakfast for one while stuck in the hotel, this was a wonderful deal :-)", "Great food, awesome wine list, high quality stems, friendly service and reasonable prices.  LoS is justifiably famous.\n\nCrispy pork with Chinese broccoli was incredible as were the Isaan specialties.", "Hello, my name is Anhdao and I am a Thai food-addict.  The habit started nine years ago, when I lived in Los Angeles and a drive to Thai town was only 10 minutes.  I cannot go more than a couple of days without getting Thai.  Any longer than that and symptoms such as sleeplessness, lack in work diligence, and even unnecessary irritation will begin.\n\nLotus of Siam is the Holy Grail for any Thai food addict.  It is the only Thai place outside of the native country and accepts credit cards that claims legions of Thai foodie fans, myself included.  I don't know if the legends are true about the former chef who cooked for Thai royalty.  Legends in this town often spread like wild fire, without true origins.  But Lotus of Siam is not a lie, because the food does not lie.\n\nIf you are a undiscriminating Thai food-eater, I don't recommend this place, especially if you've heard too much of its reputation.  Lotus of Siam's pad thai or curries do not taste that differently from Archi's or Pin Kaow, and you're guaranteed to pay more here.  But if you are missing those Bangkok street vendors and want a taste of Thailand in North America, this is where you go.\n\nHere are some adventurous (but not risky) authentic Thai dishes to try at Lotus:\n\n1.  Yum Tale (combination seafood salad): the seafood tastes as if Vegas was a beach town; for the price, I venture to say they don't fly in the seafood daily.  But the marinade and dressing highlight the best in what they have.\n\n2.  Plar Dook O Cha (whole deep-fried cat fish): a traditional Thai classic that is a must-try here.  Although the whole fish (fins, head, eyes and all) may look foreign at first to non-Thai eaters; the crispy-on-the-outside and buttery-soft-on-the-inside is something catfish filets will never entirely own.  Lotus's lime juice & peanut/cashew topping is as good as it gets.\n\n3.  A Nua Dad Deaw (Beef Jerky Issan Style): deep-fried jerky that is salty and savory, perfect to pair with sticky rice and any of their salad.  Many restaurants outside of Thailand don't offer this, including all other Thai restaurants in Vegas.\n\n4.  Khao Soi Braised Short Rib: Khao Soi is a type of Burmese-influenced Northern Thai egg noodles served in curry sauce and coconut cream.  You can order it with chicken or pork also.  But the short ribs are divine.  A very authentic dish that doesn't taste too foreign.\n\nThere are restaurants that are one-time affairs, restaurants that are seasonal flings, and restaurants that are long-term relationships.  Lotus of Siam is a relationship for me.  And one that I plan to document on Yelp as I write more updates about this favorite.", "Hello. First time diner, long time admirer. \n\nOkay this will be a somewhat incomplete report. Not that I didn't have dinner there nor did I leave early. Nope. I had appetizer, salad, main course and dessert. So why the incomplete?\n\nWell, with over 150 items (I can't remember the full count) there's a lot to try. With this first visit, we decided to go Thai lite. But not to worry dear Yelpers, I have more visits planned. Luckily, my sister teaches at the high school just down the street so I'll always have an excuse. \n\nSo enough with the pleasantries. Time for the food goodness. To start, we had fried chicken dumplings. It was good though not entirely memorable. I liked eating it but I don't have to have it on my next visit. \n\nAlso up for starters is the traditional Thai salad with peanut dressing. I don't need to say much about this except that my brother in law was slurping up the dressing and kept the bowl of dressing on the table after the salad greens were removed. (He later poured some on his steamed rice. Don't ask.)\n\nFor the main dishes, we went with pad Thai (good), sua rong hai (yummy grilled beef with a nice spicy sauce) and panang curry with chicken (my favorite out of the three). \n\nFor dessert we had a rice pudding and fried banana roll. Both if these are very good. I especially enjoyed the banana roll with coconut sugar(?) wrapped in fried crispy wonton goodness. I could've eaten just the innards (good by their lonesome) if I wanted to save a few calories. But why bother living at all? So just shove it all in your mouth and swallow, calories be dammed. (Get your minds out of the gutter, but the double entendre is understandably apropos.) \n\nSo nothing mind-blowingly exciting but good solid eating. I spent a lot of time looking at other tables' orders like the whole fried fish or battered shrimp that caught my eye. Yes, I had prawn envy. \n\nBut I vow to return and try all the other goodies. If my first tastes are good enough to go back before the check has even arrived, then you know me likey. \n\nNext time you're in Vegas, stop by and get some prawns. I will be.", "I had read that this was the best Thai food in North America. That is saying A LOT, so I went in trying not to have super high expectations because I knew I would probably just be disappointed.\n\nI was sooo wrong. This place is AMAZING, and most definitely is, the BEST THAI FOOD IN NORTH AMERICA.\n\nThere is a caveat though. We went for dinner on Friday night, and that was the night it was the best Thai food ever. Went again on Monday for lunch, and it was only standard/good Thai food. I don't know if they have different cooks in the kitchen, or if we just ordered the wrong stuff on Monday, but it definitely wasn't as good.\n\nHere are some dishes I'd highly suggest ordering:\n\n-drunken shrimp with noodles underneath -- this was the dish my sister exclaimed she would talk about if she were on the show \"Best Thing I Ever Ate\" haha. enough said?\n-green curry\n-fried red snapper \n-they had a veggie dish with fried pork belly. the fried pork belly was DELICIOUS.\n-fried banana with coconut ice cream and sticky rice -- THIS IS A MUST ORDER!!! Trust.\n-thai tea -- It inexplicably tastes fresher and higher quality that thai tea at other places...\n\nThis is going to be a regular stop on future Vegas trips for sure. I can't believe it took me this long to discover it! But I'm so glad I did! =)", "I like this place, don't get me wrong. I just haven't been wowed to the extent that I have expected yet... \n\nEveryone proclaims this to be the best Thai in North America. I can't even safely state that it's the best thai in that particular strip mall... Hard to compete with Komol. The prices are a tad better and I enjoy the spice element a lot more at Komol. \n\nThey specialize in Northern Thai dishes, so it's a good idea to steer clear of the typical Thai dishes you might order and branch out. \n\nI plan on giving this place yet another try. I tend to think that I might have succombed to all the hype and therefore my expectations were raised to an exceedingly high level, but after several visits I can't safely say that is the case. \n\nI look forward to another test drive of this place. Any recommendations on what to order are welcomed! Haha.", "I wanted to give it 2 star but i told myself may be the cook had a bad day.   Also, the 3rd star is for the good service.\n\nI found this place while looking up on chef Claude Le Tohic of Joel Robuchon.  Tohic won Best Chef Southwest 2010 from the James Beard foundation  (well deserved), beating Saipin Chutima, of Lotus of Siam and Rick Moonen, of RM Seafood.   \n\nThe restaurant walls were covered with framed pictures of the chef/owner and celebrities.  I was excited but when the food arrived i was quite disappointed because it was way too salty for my taste even after i asked the waiter to tell the cook to use less salt (from my experience with most Thai places that i have been to) :-(((\n\nCHARBROILED PRAWN with spicy sauce and tamarind sauce  --- While the prawn were perfectly grilled the green sauce were toooooo salty!\n\nSOM THUM (Thai papaya salad)\n\nNUA NAM TOK (Sliced charbroiled beef mixed with green onion, chili, lime juice & rice powder)  ---- This dish was too wet and the rice powder flavor and texture was buried.\n\nTHUM-KA-NOON (shredded young jack fruit, ground pork, tomato, Northern Thai spices and seasoned )  --- the jack fruit and pork was too finely shredded/choped and the dish became mushy. \n\nTOM YUM SEA BASS (Hot and sour soup with Sea Bass, lime juice, lemon grass and straw mushroom) --- for $23.95 this dish is waaaay overpriced because there was only a tiny amount of fish in small pieces :-( ... we chose 3 out 10 scale for chili hot and it was not hot enough for us, 6 was probably what we should have chosen.\n\nPAD THAI --- nothing special, i've had much better.\n\nMINT AND GREEN CHILI chicken stir-fried --- this was probably the best dish in term of doneness and saltiness \n\nKANA MOO KROB-Stir-fried Chinese broccoli and crispy side pork slice with oyster flavored sauce\n\nI am really surprise that this place was nominated by the James Beard Foundation, for putting the cooking here on the same par with that of Claude Le Tohic of Joel Robuchon.  May be i should i give it another chance? I don't think so.", "I was told that I can't go to Las Vegas without trying the food at Lotus of Siam. I wasn't disappointed. \n\nFor starters, we ordered the Tom Kah Kai and it was definitely a different take on a typical Tom yum soup. It was creamy from the coconut juice with just enough of tart and spiciness to compliment the abundance of chicken, mushrooms, and galanga. It was a great way to start off the meal.\n\nFor the appetizer, we ordered the Som Thum (papaya salad) and when asked if we wanted mild, medium, or spicy, we ordered medium. OMG, I am part Thai and I couldn't even take the spiciness. I tried to get seconds, but my friend was able to eat her seconds and my seconds. It was way too spicy for me. If you love hot and spicy, then you won't be disappointed. Before the heat kicked in, I really enjoyed the flavor. Three full glasses of ice water later and I was able to finally taste the next dish.\n\nFor the main course, we ordered the yellow chicken curry. This was among the top 10% of the yellow chicken curry dishes that I have ordered at other Thai restaurants. It was as good as my Dad and Mom would make. With rice, it definitely qualified as yummylicious. \n\nFor a good place to go if you are tired of buffets, pay a visit to this place. This was the first time that I was able to go to Las Vegas and not eat at a buffet. :-)", "If you're into wine and Thai food, there isn't a better place in Vegas or anywhere else for that matter. Incredibly authentic cuisine with just a jaw dropping wine list. \n\nI try to eat here as often as possible.", "Just got back from lunch here. From the reviews, I was expecting Lotus to blow my mind - and it didn't. \nDon't judge this place by it's cover - the outside looks pretty ghetto - the inside is MUCH better.\n\nAfter reading through some reviews, we ended up ordering:\n1)Tom Kah Kai - A distinctive soup of sliced chicken with coconut milk, straw mushroom galanga, lemon grass and a touch of lime juice. $4.95 for a cup - it was good, not the BEST I've had, but pretty comparable to other Thai restaurants. \n2)Nam Kao Tod -Crispy rice mixed with minced sour sausage, green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, and lime juice. - $7.95 : this had a lot of flavor, actually TOO much flavor. It was pretty salty. The first few bites were really good, after that, the flavor kicked in and it was hard to eat. Unique dish though, never had it before.\n3) Drunken Noodles with Crispy Duck - Crispy duck topped with homemade fresh chili and Thai basil. Serve on the top of pan fried flat rice noodle. - $21.95 : this dish was GOOD, it could have used more noodles though - they gave us enough for one person, hardly enough for 2 people to share. Most people want more meat - and here we wanted more noodles, they gave us a good amount of crispy duck though. The flavors blended together perfectly. Would def. recommend this dish. \n4) Thai Iced tea - $2.50 each : the tea taste was stronger than any other Thai tea I've had - so if you're really into tea - that's a good thing. I'm not into that strong taste so I handed it over to my bf.\n\nDinner came out to be $42 exactly before tip. So if you get these dishes, expect to spend about $50. and that's with no dessert. =(\n\nThe best Thai restaurant in North America? I have to disagree. It's ok, but definitely not the best. I guess that's what happens when places are hyped - you expect too much. If you come here not expecting much, maybe it will live up to the hype. Sorry ya'll.", "Let me preface this by saying that I just got off a plane and was starving and my friends had been rock climbing all day and probably would have thought a Slim Jim was the best thing they ever tasted.\n\nWhen you arrive, you will think you are in the wrong place.  It's in a crazy seedy strip mall and at night I had trouble picking this restaurant out of the string of strange establishments.  It was so dark that I thought they were closed (none of the strip mall's neon lights were on), but then I saw an open sign.\n\nInside it is nicer.  Huge wine selection.  On the menu there is an entree specialty section priced in the +$20 range, but the standard menu has lots of options under $10.  My 3 friends and I got 4 entrees and two beers for under $50.\n\nI may get crap for it, but I always order pad thai as a backup when at a new thai restaurant because it's usually edible, even if the other stuff you order is not.  Everything we ordered (cashew nut chicken, lemon pepper pork, yellow curry, pad thai) was great, but I was surprised that the pad thai was phenomenal. \n\nThe guys in the group were scraping every last peppercorn off the dish.  I had to practically stop them from licking the plates!\n\nEven if we were biased by hunger, I have had marginal thai food before.  This place was fantastic and I would definitely go back.", "Lotus rocks!  My cousin told me of the secret  stripmall Thai tastiness about 5 years ago.  Crispy Duck on alkie noodles!  Order something different!  Spicy flavors... I did order the catfish once, super delicious but came witha 35 dollar price tag. Lobster was cheaper! ? The Idian place nextdoor  is a must taste too!", "My wife and I dined here on Sunday evening 10/24/10 and enjoyed a wonderful,authentic Thai dinner that included many highlights and some truly amazing dishes with very few misses.\n\nThe restaurant itself is located in and aged strip mall off of The Strip on Sahara Ave. and the decor is dated and worn with walls lined by photos of noted past diners including Drew Barrymore, Mario Batali, etc.. I can't decide if this added to or detracted from the ambiance but it's nice to see this chef and cuisine gettings it's rightful due notoriety.\n\nThe food at Lotus of Siam is the star and I was by most accounts dazzled. The menu itself is dizzying large with so many different dishes that's it's overwhelming so if you're unsure of what to order then rely on your server to help navigate this menu as they will happily make recommendations that are on point. All dishes are prepared at your requested spice level from 1-10 so be specific. My wife choose a mild level #2 while I opted for a Spicy level #7. This also worked well when moving back and forth between dishes from mild to spicy and back again.\n\nOur Food:\n\nAppetizers:\n\nChicken Satay (Spice level #2) - Simple but beautifully balanced with a sweet peanut sauce and a cool crisp pickled cucumber salad.\n\nNam Kao Tod (Crispy Rice w/ minced, sour sausage, peanuts, ginger, green onions, fresh chilies & lime juice & ) (Spice level # 7) - The crispy & crunchy texture is wonderful but this dish definitely takes a little getting used to. My first reaction was \"This is really dry\", but when combined with the sliced cucumber and fresh cabbage garnishes it was balanced and addictive.\n\nEntrees: (served w/ steamed white rice)\n\nCharbroiled Prawns w/ Spicy & Tamarind Sauce (Spice level # 2) - This was a simple, perfect shellfish presentation with butterflied prawns still in their shells, simply charbroiled and served with two contrasting sauces of spicy vs. sweet & sour.\n\nThum-Ka-Noon (Pounded Young Jackfruit Shredded)\n(Spice level # 7) - This Northern Thai dish was hands down my favorite of the night by far. Shredded jackfruit, ground, sour pork & spicy tomato sauce & herbs. This was so focused and satisfying. Wow!\n\nKoi Soy (Issan Beef Tartare) (Spice level # 7) - I wanted to love this dish but I really was disappointed. The cubed, raw beef was fresh and clearly of good quality with a nice texture provided by the rice powder but I was so overwhelmed with the flavor of lime juice that I couldn't even decipher the actual primary taste of Beef Tartare.\n\nDessert:\n\nFresh Mango w/ Sticky Rice & Coconut Ice Cream - \nThe mango & sticky rice themselves were awesome. I love the savoriness of this dessert combination however I was not so much a fan of the coconut ice cream as I found the texture icy and the flavor lacking any distinct natural coconut profile. I asked our server if it was made in-house and he stated they bring it in from California. It did provide some welcome temperature contrast to the cool, tart mango and the sweet, warm sticky rice but otherwise it was completely forgettable. \n\nIt's worth drawing attention to the exemplary service here as it truly is by any measure fantastic. The front of the house staff were very welcoming, attentive and provided many good menu suggestions. Our water & drink glasses were never even half empty and plates arrived and were cleared at perfect intervals.\n\nI'd love to return again and try many more dishes along with the hope of finding more magnificent Thai treasures. If your truly love Thai food then you must try Lotus of Siam atleast once if not ten times. \nIt really deserves your attention.", "Never would think of coming in from the looks on the outside, but jus goes to show you to not judge a book by it's cover. The inside is nicely decorated with even a wine bar . Food did not disappoint. My favorites: garlic prawns and #58 marinated steak on bed of cabbage.", "No the best I've had else where in the country, but very very good. \n\nHuge menu, pages long, WOW \n\nPrices were very very good, especially for Vegas. \n\nI would go here again and recommend. \n\nGreat Thai experience. Our server Mike was great. \n\nDon't let the outside fool you, it's nice and authenticate on the inside.", "Off the strip, hidden in a seedy plaza, is one of the greatest hole in the wall restaurants you will ever stumble upon. Lotus of Siam is tucked away in a sketchy area, but the restaurant was just renovated and its actually nice inside (not fancy, but nicer than the standard hole in the wall asian restaurants). This place has the BEST THAI FOOD...EVER! Their specialty dish is the drunken noodle sea bass (must try this!). The catfish is amazing too! (Warning: for you non asian readers, the fish comes with head attached, but you can ask them to not serve it with the head) When you order food from there you have a choice from a scale of 1 to 10 on how spicy you want your dish to be. I'm kind of a wuss and only get level 3, but I still have to have the thai ice tea to cool my mouth down. This time, I ordered the chicken panang curry (level 3) and it was the perfect amount of spicy. Curry is so good for you, so I try to eat it when I can.\n\nwww.anitaeat.com", "Simply one of the best Thai places that I have ever had. EVER! \n\nDrove into Vegas on Friday night and arrived around 6 after the wife and mother made a stop and did some damage at the Primm outlets... Only wished they waited to see if there was extra money AFTER the trip from Vegas (sigh)... Called to see if we could sneak in for a reservation and we ended up with one for Saturday night instead. We were set on coming to eat here at least once on every trip. \n\nStick to the specialty dishes... you won't be disappointed - You can get your Pad Thai and Thai BBQ chicken elsewhere at the cheap corner Thai place back home \n\nWe had 5 of us dining together family style and indulged on a few of the house specialties and we were not disappointed. \n\nThe Lineup: \n\nKai Soi Braised Short Ribs \n- The meat was flavorful and served with a fried egg noodle in a generous serving of sauce. 4.5 star dish \n\nThe Prawns on the Drunken Noodles \n- This one was good, but the drunken noodles could have used more flavoring. The shrimp was well seasoned even without mixing it in with the Thai herb/veggie slaw. 4 star dish \n\nCrispy Duck Panang \n- This was the favorite of the table. The Panang sauce was delicious and the crispy duck was even better. I could have licked every last drop off of the plate. 5 star dish \n\nSea Bass on Papaya Salad \n- This was a great dish to balance out the vibrant and spicy traditional Thai flavors along with the richness from the curry dish with its delicate papaya salad that had thinly sliced apples and papaya mixed in with grapes and topped with a wonderful portion of Sea Bass. 4.5 Stars\n\nClean up (aka Dessert) \n\nThe combo platter \n(They were out of mangos since they said it was out of season) \nSticky rice topped with Coconut Ice Cream \n-This was my favorite on the platter! \nFried Bananas \n-Another Good one \nThai Custard \n-This was a miss for me. It was a little on the thick side and not as delicate as a Chinese custard or traditional creme brulee.", "Simply the best THAI that I've ever eaten. The neighborhood is kind of seedy but the food will keep you coming back for more. Do not be turned off because it's not on THE STRIP. Give them a try, yo will not be disappointed. May I suggest the GARLIC PRAWNS...They're so good you will eat the shells.", "The Lotus of Siam will have 401 reviews after I finish writing this... that means it doesn't really need my props (already has 4 stars) but, it's SO DELICIOUS that I have to write a Yelp up anyway.  \n\nIt's my favorite Thai in all of Vegas... kinda in all of the USA.  My friend and I stopped in when we were up last week and, I wanted to return again the next night so I could order the same thing... the green curry.  Her pad thai was good too but, it had nothing on my green curry.  This was my first time trying it.  Everything I try there is always delicious.  It's so delicious and still really reasonably priced.  \n\nEater beware: they do spice the Thai way so be careful when you say 'medium'... you better mean spicy!\n\nDefinitely definitely see ya there!", "The short answer is we heard about this place and walked from the strip to the restaurant.  We go there right before they opened so they ask us to sit inside, gave us menus and water, but we had to wait for them to open.  this kind of service happened the rest of our visit, and the food was worth the walk, and we will do it again.", "They didn't get a 5 star rating, because believe it or not they used to be BETTER!!  This place is still great, but once you had the best, it's hard not to want it to continue!\n\nI'm a BIG fan of the green chicken curry! soooooo good!  \n\nI love when the sweet rice and mango are season because that is a treat you don't want to miss!\n\nIt is a hidden gem because it isn't in the best of areas or plazas in Las Vegas.  But people know where it is because it has made a name for itself.  \n\nIt's a small dining area which makes its cozy.\n\nAll in all, if you like thai food and are in vegas, and don't mind straying away from the strip, I would recommend going there.", "This is the best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas.  Not in the best neighborhood, but the food is wonderful!!!  I highly recommend it!", "This place is a hidden treasure that did not disappoint. It was definitely the best Thai food I've had in a long time. \n\nMy friend and I started off the meal with Tom Yum soup and we asked for a level 4 spicyness and OH BOY it was SPICY! So definitely order lower than you what you think your spicyness level it because oh man, my throat was on fire but I love every single bite. \n\nThen we ordered the Thai BBQ chicken and the classic Pad Thai. and OH MAN! The chicken had so much flavor and it was cooked to perfection. They used small noodles to make the pad thai which I had never seen before, but it didn't matter because the flavors were perfect. I ate until I was close to exploding. \n\nAnd like other yelpers mentioned, the outside does look a little sketchy, but the inside is nice and clean and very spacious. DEFINITELY come eat here! I highly recommend it. This might be my new favorite thai joint.", "This place is amazing! It has the best curry in town and the prices are pretty great too. It also stays true to it's thai roots, and does not include a bunch of non cuisine related dishes. The servers are really nice and the inside atmosphere is nice. Beware, the neighborhood is not amazing and the place is small, so if show up at a popular time, you'll have to wait a long time. Don't get me wrong, it's worth the wait, but they accept reservations, so just call ahead.", "This place is amazing! It has the best roast duck curry in town and the prices are pretty great too. It also stays true to it's thai roots, and does not include a bunch of non cuisine related dishes. The servers are really nice and the inside atmosphere is nice. Beware, the neighborhood is not amazing and the place is small, so if show up at a popular time, you'll have to wait a long time. Don't get me wrong, it's worth the wait, but they accept reservations, so just call ahead. \n\nPs. I accidently posted this under a friends name before, but it's really from me. Sorry Sheri!", "This place is off the hook.\n\nAs a white person who really likes spicy food, I'm used to wait staff underestimating how spicy I really want my dishes.  I'm not saying anyone is racist or anything, just that most people don't believe that I actually like the spicy.  Usually, I order \"spicy\" and get \"mild,\" or I order \"medium\" and get \"no heat whatsoever.\"\n\nThe folks at Lotus of Siam are not playing with their 1-10 spice-o-meter.  When I asked for one of my dishes (Panang Curry with Tofu) to be a level 7, the waiter warned me that I'd be sweating.  Same goes for the Drunken Noodles, although the sweat warning came at 5.  \n\nHe was right.  It was FIERY.  And delicious.  So delicious.  My lips were burning for an hour afterward but I loved every minute of it.  \n\nFor those of you willing to go well off the strip to an unassuming restaurant that sort of resembles a mediocre spot in your suburban hometown, you will be rewarded with a great meal at an astoundingly low price (for Vegas).  I vow to return!", "This place is okay.  Don't believe the hype of other reviewers.  It's located in old Vegas in a scary looking strip mall, but there's a cool wig store next door that you can browse at while waiting to get seated.\n\nThe food was okay.  Some dishes are better than others, but mostly it's a lot of fried foods.  Being spoiled with the best Thai on the West Coast in SF, Lotus of Siam doesn't compare.\n\nThere's an interesting looking buffet that they offer during the weekends (perhaps only on Sundays).\n\nIf you're looking for decent Thai food in Vegas, this is one of the few options.  It has somewhat of a beat up looking interior (most Thai places have a nice interior and are spotless) but there's always a buzzing crowd to make the place lively.  Prices were inflated for the quality of the food.", "This restaurant was recommended in our tour book as the best of- off the beaten path and it did not disappoint!  It is located in a mostly Asian food shopping center.\n\nThe menu is extensive and every part of our order was excellent.  From the appetizers to the dessert, the best Thai food we have ever had!", "We were SO excited to try this place out---mainly because every Vegas guide said it was the best Thai anywhere! I think we made a mistake to go for the lunch buffet. First of all, the location is pretty weird. It's in a run-down strip mall and the entrance is in the back. Anyway, it took a LONG while to get there from the Strip as we had to take the Deuce bus and then walk for a while before we found it. So, finally we're there and we're expecting to have a religious experience. Not so. Basically, it was a regualy buffet---I didn't even think it was Thai food for the most part! So, next time we're in Vegas, we're going for dinner. Yes, I'm willing to give it another shot. Seems to me that the great reviews are based on dinner, NOT the buffet.", "Wow! I like but don't love Thai food. I have to say I LOVED my dinner at Lotus of Siam. It was definitely the best Thai food I have ever had, and quite possibly one of the best meals I have ever had in my life. \n\nWe had the #14 app (crispy rice), crispy duck w/panang (red curry), and the soft shell crab w/drunken noodles.\n\n We were going to get the crispy duck w/mint leaves but our server suggested we get the duck w/panang since the soft shell crab had a similar mint sauce, and I'm glad he did. The panang was absolutely incredible!", "Wow!!! After reading the reviews, I HAD to try it! I got the Panang Curry with Chicken & it was delicious!!! Beware though, they ask how hot you want it (1-10). I love spicy food, so I asked for a 9. Whew! It didn't take away from the taste, but it was super spicy! I think I'd prefer a 7 there, while I ask for a 9 or 10 everywhere else. The only reasons I didn't give a 5 star review is because they were not too attentive to our empty drink glasses & we had to ask for 1 drink twice. Granted, they were pretty busy. I recommend making reservations if you plan on eating here.", "You've gotta love Thai food and culture for its sensuality.  Who else names their cities Bangkok and Phuket? So when I came across Lotus of Siam, I naturally thought it was a massage parlor with happy endings. After all, the lotus is the universal Asian code word for vajajay. I quote from an ancient Thai love poem - \"She laid back with her beauty spread before me like a lotus blossoming, ready to capture the dew\". Who woulda thought that Thai poets wrote in English back then!  But after reading the reviews I was aroused in a different way.( Now the term sexual appetite makes sense) and I had to go (or come, depending on your perspective).\n\nSo far of all the Thai places that I have been to, Lotus of Siam has had the best food of all.  I was pretty amazed at the wine selection available for a Thai restaurant.  Who thinks about varietals from Chateauneuf du Paupe in a Thai place?  But they have it here!  Service was unusually good for an Asian place.\n\nTom Yum Kai and Tom kha kai was the best I ever had anywhere.  Nice acidity and creaminess of coconut was spot on.  Braised short rib with panaang was ultra tender and wonderfully flavored.  A fantastic idea for that curry.  Fried sea bass on top drunken noodles was also very good.  very tender with a nice crisp saltiness.  I'm not sure if my taste buds were a bit off that day, but the food seemed a bit on the salty side, but not overwhelmingly so.  Spice levels tend to be on the higher end, so I would order a notch or two down from what you normally get at other Thai places.\n\nGourmet magazine (before its closure) touted this as the best Thai food in America -  a pretty bold claim, but I can't find reason to argue.\n\nIf you can't get your spice on here, there is always the Green Door just across, so you can get your kinky on (or so I've heard).\n\nI end with a famous Thai adage - Beware of who you lay with because you may be struck with the fiery burn of Thai chili in your head that has no mouth.\n\nbest thing - tom kha kai and braised short rib with panang", "tom YUM YUM YUM!!!\n\nthis place is superb--- a hidden gem! it's very casual, but don't let appearances fool you, they serve TOP CUISINE here! among the best thai food, I have ever had! \n\nand I am ecstatic to know they are opening one up in NYC soon =)!"]
[2011, "seaons3"]	["3.5 \n\nOne of the better Thai restaurants I've been to. I ordered the Nam Prik Ong because it was featured on Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate, and my bf ordered the Pad Thai. Neither of our dishes were extremely spicy although we had ordered them 10/10 spicy. I enjoyed my dish, it was very flavorful, but honestly, it just tasted like a meat sauce from a pasta dish. Next time, I'm going to order one of the many other great things they have on their menu. \n\nMy bf's pad thai was delicious, and our chicken dumpling appetizer was good too, albeit not Thai food :) We also got a thai iced tea, which I normally find too sweet for my liking. This was definitely on the sweet side, but I still managed to finish the whole thing. \n\nI'm looking forward to coming back and maybe trying some of their other meat or curry dishes.", "5 Stars, and here is why....\n\n1.  If the restaurant closes at 10pm, and you can still roll in at 9:55pm for a meal - Good.  The service is still excellent - Better.  The quality of the food is still exceptional - Best.  Lotus is tops on all three accounts!\n\n2.  Wine List and Pairing.  Not only does Lotus have an outstanding wine list, it has the largest selection of German Whites in any restaurant - in the world, if memory serves.  Also, any restaurant whose wait staff knows wine enough to pair with my meal makes me happy.  However, despite the large number of Sommeliers and wannabes in Las Vegas, I rarely find a member of the general wait staff who can confidently assign a wine to my meal without looking at the price or without pairing  by color.\n\n3.  Of course, the food!  I know that I've enjoyed a Larb Salad in another place better, but not an entire Thai meal.  To start, three of us ordered the Hot Pot-sized Thom Kha Kai, a wonderful coconut and lime-based soup with mushrooms and chicken, which was simply pleasing.  It was creamy, tart, sweet and savory; so perfectly balanced that it could have easily satisfied me as a main course.  Next, a Larb Salad (Chicken).  This could have been better to my taste, but was well-seasoned with mint and onions and very aromatic.  Finally, the main course - Nua Yang Panang.  I love Panang curries, and this one, with its embellishment of cognac, was one of the best I've ever had.  The sauce was so good my friends and I made balls of rice to sop up every last bit - the dishwasher got off easy with us!\n\n4.  Price.  Yes, you can spend (and maybe should spend :)) $30-40/ person at Lotus of Siam.  Yes, you can probably make decent curries at home now without the time and expense thanks to the plethora of bottled Thai sauces - think Heinz 57 of Thai...blegh!  But the total bill for all of us including my $10 glass of Piesporter, the menu listed in #3 and another's fried rice, just cleared $60 with tax.  That's right folks $15 a person!  Can you eat at any other of the World's 100 Best Restaurants at dinner for $15?  I think I hear Thomas Keller laughing...nervously...\n\nBottom line:  Well, worth the drive from anywhere for the excellent quality, selection and service.  A super way to dine at one of the World's Best!", "About a week ago I was looking for a non-buffet place with affordable prices close to the Strip and thanks to yelp tried out this gem. It turned out to be the best Thai food I have had in the US. I started out with some Satay, which was juicy and well seasoned and even included a delicious sweet cucumber salad. My entree was a pork stew, which wasn't hot, yet still filled to the brink with spices. I would absolutely recommend getting the sticky rice with it. I also had a couple of spoons of Tom Yum Koong soup, and it was delicious but way too hot for me, probably the hottest one I have ever had, felt like a wildfire was building up in my mouth. If you like hot food though, you should give it a try. I was too full to get dessert, however I had some nice green tea that was done exactly right, so I left Lotus of Siam smiling happily and am planning to return next time I am in the area.", "Absolutely lived up to everything we were told. Make a reservation a week in advance if you know you're going to be in town. That way you walk right in to your table. Even our cab driver asked us what the deal was with this place because he'd been driving so many people there the last month or so.\n\nGood wine list and quick service even though they were swamped. Some of the most amazing garlic shrimp I've ever had. They tone down on the spice if you don't ask them to kick it up, otherwise everything tasted fresh. We ordered all over the menu and nothing disappointed.", "Amazing and so worth the $20 cab ride from the Strip. We got the tip to try this place out from one of my husband's business-traveling friends. Consultants tend to really know their restaurants, so we knew we had to check it out. \n\nThe wine menu in this place is stunning! I had an Auslese riesling that was sweet and delectable.\n\nThe larb salad, fried tofu, and yellow curry were all fantastic and some of the best I have ever had, and I have eaten those at many, many places over the course of the last 2 decades. Cashew chicken was pretty great too. \n\nThe only thing that was just okay was the tom yum soup - definitely decent, but not the best ever. They got the sour part right, but I like mine super fragrant with lots of lemongrass and cilantro, which this did not have. \n\nI only wish we'd had room for dessert - we both felt very sad that we didn't have any space left to try it (if you check out what all we ordered above, you can see why, haha)!\n\nOverall, we LOVED it, and Lotus of Siam is going to become a pilgrimage every time we hit up Vegas.", "Best Thai food in Vegas!!  You have to get past the sketch shopping center it's in though. A genuine \"hole in the wall\"\n\nGet there early or you will have to wait a long time to get a table!\n\nMango Sticky Rice is our absolute favorite!!", "Best. Thai. Anywhere.  Better than anything I had in Thailand.  Better than NYC.  Better than SF. Getting the picture?  Make a reservation.  Fills up fast.", "By far the best Thai food I have ever had.  If you visit or live in Vegas, this is a must visit. I would recommend not getting anything above a five in spiciness. Gotta get the soup, it is to die for.", "Came here to try the Chili Dip but I ordered the wrong one instead :(. Everything was too salty for my taste. Service was very attentive. \n\nNam Kao Tod - salty. need more acidy\n\nBeef soup - very good and flavorful but a little over season \n\nNorthern Curry - salty also. I had this curry better somewhere else.", "Came here with 2 friends, my spouse and my son.  Was waiting to be \"blown away\"  and \"wow-ed\" by the food, and I was not.\n\nBut then, after 3 or 4 forkfuls (chopsticks not available--Thais don't use them), I realized that it really WAS good.  Not \"out of this world\", but darned good!  Fresh, high quality ingredients, DONE WELL.  Very nicely done.  Very tasty.\n\nWine and beer menu was awesome.  If you stop in the lobby you can see the many \"honorable mentions\" and articles about them in magazines such as Food and Wine, Gourmet, Los Angeles Food, etc.  They have won two James Beard awards.\n\nTrying to find the place-- we are tourists in Vegas-- we drove to the address in our rental car, and it looked like a place that NO ONE would dare enter... vacant, dirty, abandoned and horrible.  But alas, that was the back way.  The front is not much better, actually.  But it is in a strip mall (off the \"Strip\") with Japanese, Indian, Mexican and Karoake restaurants nearby.\n\nPhad See Ew, Phad Thai, Calamari salad, were fabulous as was Thai shrimp soup, the crispy rice appetizer, and geez-- I forget what else we had-- 9 dishes in all.  But it was darned good.  A nice place to get away from the glitz and high prices of the Strip.   Nice, even service.  Atmosphere pleasant.\n\nPhotos on the walls of celebrities who have eaten here.  I do see why.. it really does do Thai food very very well.  Worth going off the Strip for a \"real meal\".", "Come for the food - stay for the Riesling!!!\nGarlic prawns, crispy duck  and BBQ beef salad were standouts!! An absolute ridiculous selection of beautiful old Rieslings", "Crispy Duck !!!!!!!!\nThe best !!!!!!!", "Delicious!  \nWould definitely recommend.  All food was well prepared and tasted great.", "Do yourself a favor - make a reservation! \n\nThe restaurant lacks ambiance and is located in a shady strip mall where people will approach you asking if they can wash your car windows for money.\n\nHowever, the food is delicious! It's different from most Thai places because they focus on a different region. Super spicy. Wish they'd move back to SoCal.", "Don't be put off by the setting. We took a cab from the hotel and the staff called a cab to takes us back. You're in and out of the restaurant.\n\nThe food is very good. We ordered the prawns in blanket, beef satay, and chicken wing stuffed with ground pork. The prawns were excellent and the satay was very good. (Not dry as satays can sometimes be.) The chicken wing was good but not as good as it looked in the description.\n\nFor mains I had the Khao soi braised short rib. It was excellent, the meat was tasty and tender and the noodle were flavorful. The curry sauce was great. Be sure to mix in the lime, onion, and noodles for full flavor. I also tried the scallops with garlic, cilantro, and pepper. They were well cooked and for someone that doesn't love cilantro, i found the taste very satisfying.\n\nIt's excellent food and probably the best in Vegas. I guess I'm spoiled because I have Topaz Thai in Belleville, NJ as my comparison.", "Don't judge Lotus by the gritty shopping plaza it's located in. This is the best Thai Food I have had in ages. I've lived in Vegas for 6 years and am truly upset that I have denied myself of this gem for so long. The biggest problem I had was trying to decide what to order. \nNam Prik Ong was amazing!!!!", "Enjoy their wine selction. Dive into that goodness. I took just one riesling glass - it was Egon Muller on the first page of their super thick beverage menu. Wine Spectator Award Winner 2005 thru 2010.\n\nIt's not trendy, let me tell you. It's in the outskirts of the strip but its packed with people before their quest to the strip on a Saturday evening. \n\nOur waiter was super amazing. He stopped me from ordering a level 8 out of 10 spicey-ness. Oooo man they have high standards for hotness!!! My date lowered it to 6  and for me a 7. I should have listend to him more... Major burn, eyes tingling and my throat was closing up. Still a good Charbroiled Beef with veg. and my friends had Thai curry.\n\nMy friend loved it but I'd give it a 3.5 ;)", "Every time Im in vegas its a must that I stop by and eat at this amazing place.  \"Dont judge a book by its cover\" relates to this place. My friends constantly rave about this place and the first time ive been there I stepped outta the the car and remember saying \"were gonna eat here\" boy was I wrong.  This place is ammmmmaaaazing!!! We ordered the garlic prawns, beef in curry sauce and hot/sour soup and sticky rice with mango for dessert.  Servers were very nice and always refilled your drink even when you just take a sip.    Inside is very clean and chill and does not look anything like the outside.  Our meal for 4 was around $70 which beats the burger joint in Mandalay for $122!!!  I will be back!!!", "Expensive for what you're getting.  Food is good.", "Fantastic food, great service, great prices.  What a jewel in a city of gold.  Popular so book in advance.  Outside appearance misleading.", "Finally made the pilgrimage to Lotus and was it worth it!  The food is spectacular, the service was very friendly and helpful, and can we talk about the riesling selection on the wine list?  Absolutely one of the best meals/experiences I've had in a very long time.  If you are in LV you MUST make a trip to Lotus.", "Food was OK wine list was above average. I may go back if friends really wanna go, I really was not impressed.", "Great Thai food at a great price - I love to bring friends here. They've recently tripled the size of their dining room so the growing popularity doesn't really affect your ability to get a table.", "Hands down the best meal I ate during my recent trip to Las Vegas for RollerCon. My friend and I walked nearly 2 miles to eat here, then had to wait 45 minutes for a table (I would recommend making a reservation), and both the journey and the wait were well worth it.\n\nMy friend is a vegetarian, so she ordered the Pad Thai with a few special requests (she wanted it minus sprouts, loaded up with more veggies, peanut sauce on the side, etc.). Our server was very accommodating and only charged my friend an extra $2 for all the changes she wanted.\n\nI ordered the Pad Prik King with chicken and asked for it to be \"pretty spicy\". It was the perfect level of spice (but hey, I like it hot!).\n\nMy friend ordered a glass of wine and I had a Guinness since the alcohol prices were very reasonable. Even with the drinks, our entire bill only came to $40. The glass of wine was the most expensive item.\n\nI would definitely make the trek to Lotus of Siam again the next time I'm in Vegas!", "Having the unique perspective of being raised in Thailand coupled with 15 years in the food business, one could say I am qualified as an authority on Thai food, however, really,  the true authority on anything to do with food and drink is the taste buds of the person eating. And most folks who eat here love it. Having said that, I just don't get Lotus of Siam. Sure, it's good; the curries are balanced and the salads, and noodle dishes are tasty, but I feel that this is a place that is more concerned with it's reputation as the premier Thai restaurant in the area than the menu. They have tailored their dishes for farang, (foreign), meaning our milder,  palates. What is with the wine obsession? I have never experienced a Thai restaurant anywhere that directs such focus on wine. Not that it's a bad thing, I personally enjoy a glass of Pinot Grigio with a Glass Noodle Salad, for example, but it comes off to me as a little snobbish. The staff are courteous, but seem harried and too busy. The service is good, but I like to chat in Thai to my server and or hostess, and they just don't seem to have the time. Those who are seeking authentic Thai food should try some of the other Thai restaurants in town. Each one is different and I don't really have a favorite, although the beef salad at Pin Kaow is excellent, the curries at Komol Kitchen are mind blowing, (the pastes are made from scratch), and the Larb at Ocha is the best I've ever had anywhere! Order it with sticky rice. There are a few Thai places in Vegas I've not tried, mostly because of their location relative to my home, but for my money, eating Thai means enjoying the personality of the restaurant, the proprietor, & the food. In these areas, Lotus of Siam is little better than average, and the lunch buffet is the only thing I eat there if I'm on my lunch break and am in need of a quick Thai fix. I can get in and out of there in a half hour, and make it back to work on time.", "I came due to the food network, and I have to say it's quite delicious. \n\nWe had the Tom Ka soup extra spicy indeed it was it had at least 4 types of chili! Sooooooooooooo GOOD!!! \nThe Papya salad was flavorful \nThe Pad see ew was very tasty\nThe charbroiled steak was yummy too, tasted very much like carne asada.\nOh and the red chili dip that we came here for specifically was really good too!\nThe BBQ chicken wasn't :( it was pretty dry\nThe staff was great too.", "I came here with a large party and the service was on point!  They were very attentive, the food took a while but the restaurant was busy.   The food was very savorful and authentic.  Try it out!", "I can't say this is the best Thai food I've ever eaten but they have a huge selections of items, some of which I have never tasted before.  There has also been a lot of press about this place.  I didn't realize that these were the same owners who opened up Renu Nakorn in Norwalk, CA.  They sold it years ago, though the restaurant it still open.  No wonder some of the menu items seemed similar.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table for two on a Sunday night and ordered:\n\n-Nam Kao Tod - Loved the crunchy pieces of rice though it was a very sour dish.  Size was average.\n-Nam Prik Ong (Red Chili Dip) - This was not as spicy as it looked.  In fact, it was barely spicy.  It came with really fresh vegetables and pork rinds.  The dip itself tasted very similar to a spaghetti sauce to me.\n-Kana Moo Krob (Pork Belly + Chinese Broccoli) - Can't go wrong with this dish.  Yummy but not very different from other places I've had this dish at.\n-Sai Oui (Sausage) - This also had a mild kick to it but barely.  It had a strong lime taste - I didn't care for this one too much, but I am not a sausage fan in general.\n\nWe didn't try any of the standard Thai dishes (i.e. Pad Thai) bc we wanted to try things that weren't readily available in Thai Town (LA).  We also ordered a lemongrass drink - the first waiter had no idea what we were talking about but a second one knew.  I guess they don't have a regular drink menu, and I only knew about the drink bc of a Yelp review (thanks again, Yelp!).  Overall service was good and food was a bit more expensive than your average Thai restaurant.", "I eat here at least once a year, and every year, Lotus of Siam keeps getting better, as does their wine list . . . the food is truly exceptional, and the wine list is one of the best in the country, PERIOD, and easily the finest in any Asian restaurant I have ever seen.\n\nThe \"Greatest Restaurant in the World's Worst Strip Mall\" Award continues to go to LoS!", "I finally made it to the place that so many speak of! I've constantly heard how wonderful this restaurant is and now I can say I've been there. I had:\n\nSPICY SLICED BEEF with Thai Round Eggplant- (heat level 5) tangy, spicy, fresh and delectable. The slices of eggplant were similar to the taste of horseradish, which accented the smokey charred beef nicely.\n\nKOONG TENN- grilled shrimp covered in spices on a bed of cabbage. The shrimp were delicately cooked, with no signs of toughness. The chilies and spices that topped each shrimp were spicy and flavorful. The cabbage was a nice extinguisher to put out the fire in my mouth. \n\nPAD SE-EW- flat rice noodles with egg, broccoli and chicken in dark soy sauce. This is my standard order at any Thai place and their version didn't disappoint. \n\nI would give this place 5 stars if it weren't for the service. The wait staff were nice enough, it was the food that took forever to come out. We arrived at 8pm and didn't get 2 out of the 3 dishes until 9:30. I know that they are busy because they are so popular, but I still couldn't give them 5 stars when we had to sit and wait as long as we did.", "I have enjoyed every meal I've had here over many trips to LAS. I had the sea bass with papaya salad on this last visit, which was truly one of the best Thai dishes I've had in a long time. Wine and beer list great and well-selected for Thai food. My dining companions were also blown away by the taste of their food. Yes, it is in a terrible location, but over years I've never had a problem in the parking lot. The interior ambiance is well-lit, classy and cheerful. The service is the reason I didn't give 5 stars. It took the waiter 20 minutes to come to the table the first time, he never asked if we wanted drink or water refills, and we waited 20 minutes to get the check. C'mon guys, that's the easy stuff; I can understand and forgive the food taking a while to come out on a busy night, indeed please take your time to make it right, but to be forgotten on drinks and the check? grump, grump, grump...", "I have had the pleasure to dine here several times in the last few years. Lotus has one of the best wine lists of any restaurant in the country. I am basing this observation based on how well the wines selected pair with their food and the buyer no doubt knows a lot about the best producers in Germany and France. I was floored to see several bottling's of AJ Adam on any one restaurants list. He is quite possibly the finest producer in the Mosel-Saar-Ruwer. Please do not drink them all before my next trip to Vegas!!\nMaybe I should talk about food now....\nThe deep fried pompano fish with ginger and black mushroom sauce will make all the blood in your veins rush to a certain area of your anatomy with a different name depending on your gender. There are too many things on the menu to list but very hard to find one that is not mind blowing. Thank you LoS for providing such a great experience on the highway of life.", "I have one word to really sum up Lotus of Siam, disorganized. Getting served by more servers than people in your party, having dishes from different tables taken to your table, and having to wait half an hour to be noticed is not what I was expected for a place held in such high regard. It was a mess.\n\nI will give it to Lotus of Siam for having delicious pad thai and one of the best fried rice dishes (the crab fried rice is ridonkulous) I've ever had. The other dishes we ordered were..... interesting. Different styles of sausage, what I believed to be some sort of beef with vegetable dish, and meekrob, definitely new flavors to my palate. While not bad I can't say that they were up my alley with every dish aside from the pad thai and fried rice having a very strong, unique flavor. Maybe I just haven't given the dishes enough of a chance to grow on me but after that circus of an experience I will not be coming back any time soon.\n\nSide note: Stay away from the red and green drink. Seriously.", "I like going a little off course and not always eating on the strip because then I discover places like Lotus of Siam.  \n\nThey have GOOD Thai food.  We ordered the pad thai and spicy yellow curry and couldn't let our forks/chopsticks down.  The curry was perfectly spicy with tons of flavors and NOT watered down (like other cheap Thai places).  The pad thai noodles were perfectly cooked--not too soggy/mushy and just dry enough to appreciate the subtle flavors.\n\nWe packed our big plates to-go and ordered the thai iced tea for dessert.  So good.", "I thought good Thai food could only be found in NYC. I was wrong. This place is amazing.\n\nWent here with a group of friends on a Saturday night - definitely suggest a reservation. The menu is extensive and has a Northern Thai section with dishes I haven't seen in any other thai restaurant. We tried a bunch of different appetizers and main dishes. All were perfect. Beware of the spice though - it's hot! The waiters will give you a choice of spiciness on a scale of 1 to 10.\n\nOur flight home wasn't until 11pm on Monday. We went here for dinner again on Monday. Great way to end a great trip!", "I went to Vegas for a short getaway from the hustle and bustle of my life.  On a Thursday night, 8/25/2011, I was looking for somewhere to go to dinner.  I didn't feel like going to a buffet because I just spent $90 on the Rio Village Seafood Buffet the night before where the food and service sucked!  So, I turned to Yelp to look for a good place off the strip, and found Lotus of Siam.  \n\nThis place was a little hard to find on Sahara Blvd, but with my great sense of direction, I was able to find the place with no problem.  I was craving shrimp for the night, so I ordered the Drunken noodle prawn and Crab fried rice.  At first they brought out Drunken noodle soft crab.  Our waiter gladly took the wrong food back and shorty brought the right one out.  \n\nThe moment I laid my eyes on the feast before me, I was blown away.  I have never seen shrimp deep fried this way where the shell and the shrimp were separated but still connected somehow.  The taste was heavenly and the spice level was perfect.  The crab fried rice was also good, not too oily and not too salty either.  The service was also great and fast.  I had my water filled without asking for it.  It was so good, I went back the next day for lunch.  \n\nTwo thumbs up for the cook!!!!!!", "If I can use one word to describe the food at this place it would be FLAVORFUL. This was my first time visiting Lotus of Siam and I must say I was impressed. I am not huge Thai food fan, nor do I opt for spicy food given the choice, but I will definitely be returning to LOS. We ordered a bowl of hot and sour soup with chicken (very different from what I am accustomed to, but extremely delicious), duck curry (spicy and delicious), sweet and sour chicken (AWESOME, i ordered a batch to go after the dinner) and I forgot what the last entree was but it was chopped up pork that was very minty with flavorful spices. Overall service was friendly but not pushy, prices reasonable and food delicious. Highly recommend.", "It's a tuesday night, as i walk in there is a 20 minute wait. Good sign, but i'm hungry so it better not be a long 20 min. A friend and i head over to the bar. great beer selection. Being from Southern California we were ecstatic to find Stone here. When you walk in you see a gorgeous\n glass walled wine cellar. The place is clean, bathrooms are clean as well.\n\n25 min go by, finally seated. Got some thai tea, balanced just right. Chicken satay for an appetizer, chicken grilled just right. Peanut sauce and cucumber medley paired with it perfectly.\n\nPanang Curry with Shrimp\nabsolutely DELICIOUS, i am very picky with my curries because there always seems like there's something off.. Too much coconut milk, not enough spice, too much spice, too sweet. Not this place, perfect balance of flavors, no complaints here.\n\nRoasted Duck with Red Pineapple Curry: my friend got this and loved it. i had to dip in my fork of course and the duck was perfect. Even tho it was covered in curry you could still taste the crispness of the duck skin, and the medley of fat and meat in your mouth was awesome. He did however say he got a 6 in hotness and it was almost too much for him!\n\nDessert:\nMango Sticky Rice and Fried Banana.\nbasically 2 thai dessert staples. It's very hard to mess this up and they didn't. Mangoes were fresh, and the fried banana had just the right amount of sweet and crisp.\n\nHad a great experience here. Server was rushed, but sweet. Will definitely come back, why the 4 stars you ask? Nothing beats my Thai aunts food. That's why :]", "Lotus of  Siam is great American-style Thai cuisine. Unfortunately, the previous reviews on yelp don't really say this, or maybe I didn't read enough of them. Either way, now begins the review.\nLotus has hands-down the best Orange Chicken I have ever had. If this was 15 years ago, I would've given this place 5 stars. But just like I am no longer a chubby teenager, my taste for fried, overly-sweet, food has passed. The chow mein and pad thai were both good, but their respective sauces were too rich. Or something. Just not 4 stars on yelp good.\nMyself and my eating partner both got the buffet at lunch for $9.99, so discussing the portions is dumb. Let's move along. The service was fast (for a buffet) and water was brought to the table promptly. The used buffet plates disappeared in less than a minute when pushed to the edge of the table.\nLotus is great if you prefer less-than-traditional Thai food.", "Lotus of Siam definitely lived up to the hype. The food was really great, particularly with regards to the main courses. Appetizers were all decent, if a tad boring (with the exception of the bacon and wonton-wrapped shrimp). The wontons and dumplings were only offered with chicken, while most of us would have preferred pork. The beer and wine list was quite good, and I even saw one of my favorite IPAs for a jaw-dropping $3.50 (though our table opted for Singhas all around - when in Thai restaurants, right?).\n\nThe entrees are what really got everyone excited. Our table was filled with drunken noodles, pad Thai, curries and more. My crispy duck over drunken noodles was excellent. I mostly stuck to the outer edges since duck is just so fatty by nature, but I was able to get the flavor I wanted from a few of the leaner bites with my delicious noodles. I requested my heat level at a four, which was perfect for me (I like things spicy but not uncomfortably so). A friend requested her shrimp in green curry at a four, and it seemed much hotter. So I'd probably knock that down to a three. \n\nEven though the food was awesome, the service was a bit spotty at times. It was hard to pinpoint which person was our main server. We had to ask for drink refills more than once and a requested knife was never delivered. Still, I would definitely like to return on my next visit to Las Vegas. \n\n\n*Out of towners, definitely make reservations and know that a cab ride is going to cost you.", "Lotus of Siam is great.  I read lots of good reviews before coming here, and my friend said his parents know the owner.\n\nSo when I arrived, I asked to talk to the owner, to do some name dropping, and hoping for a discount.  The owner had a blank face when I mentioned the names.   Too bad, no discount for me.\n\nWife and I ordered from the menu while the kid had the buffet.  I took a bite or two from his plate, and I gotta say, the buffet isn't as good.  So when you go there, make sure you order off the menu!\n\nwe had the pineapple fried rice and the tom yum soup.  both taste authentic and yummy.  their thai ice tea was good too!\n\nWould definitely come back!", "Must try the Nam Koa Tod (#14). by far the best thing we had there, and better than the \"Best Thing I Ever Ate\" pork dip dish. It's crunchy, spicy, sweet, and every bite gives you a different flavor profile. All the food looked great, but duck with drunken noodles was a 10 as well. Hidden gem and a great reason to get off the Strip.", "My friends and I heard lots of great reviews about this place so we decided to come here for dinner. \n\nHad called in to make a reservation of 15 but ended up waiting for 30 mins. Our server was great. She had a monkey clip in her hair which made us laugh. The food came out super slow. Not surprised because the place was packed! \n\nEverything was really tasty (or maybe i was really hungry)! Left the place with a happy belly.\n\nThree days later I had this awful stomach flu. Found out most of my friends had caught the stomach flu that night! It was horrible! \n\nI'm super sad because I was planning to go back. Papaya salad was spicy but addicting. Beef salad was yummy. Fried rice was soo good. The crispy duck was to die for. Tom yum & chicken curry was average. Fried fish was fresh.\n\nMaybe we were being too loud and they had added an extra flavor to our foods. Eh, not coming back anytime soon though.", "My husband and I thought this place was great. We came with no reservations, and the hostess took our phone number so we could either go to the bar or leave during the 45 min wait. \n\nThe waiter was probably what really made this place special. He had a great grasp on the extensive wine list (I ordered a bottle, and he confirmed that I knew what it was I was ordering...I did, but nice that he checked) and gave great recommendations so we could share dishes and have everything still pair nicely with the Riesling. I had the Panang Curry (at an 8, which was perfect) with noodles and my husband had the crispy duck with chili mint leaves. The noodles made for a messy meal, because the curry splashed around as I ate the noodles. The crispy duck was something I've been craving ever since.\n\nThe food came quickly, and our waiter was always nearby if we needed anything. He also came and brought a bucket of ice for our wine - something unexpected at a Thai restaurant. When I ordered the mango with sweet sticky rice (a staple at most Thai places), I was pleased when he advised against it due to the mangoes not being fully ripe.\n\nWill definitely be eating here again.", "My sister and I wanted to try this restaurant because we saw it at an episode of the \"best thing I ever ate\" at the Food Network channel. There was a wait with people lining up. In about 20 minutes we were seated. I don't understand--What is all the hype about this restaurant? The food is nothing to rave about! The bbq chicken- ok- Ive had better ones! ; chow mein -alright; pork larb- disgusting! The only salvation was the Nam Prik Ong which is really delicious. The servings are not very generous. The prices appear cheap but don't be fooled for you get very little for what you pay. The staff are very nice and friendly, which is about the best I can say about this restaurant. All the following on this Thai restaurant  situated off the Strip did not live up to my expectations! Sorry.", "My wife and I thought this place was great. We came with no reservations, and the hostess took our phone number so we could either go to the bar or leave during the 45 min wait. We walked around the \"Around the World\" strip mall and eventually got our call. (We call it that because you have Thai, Korean, American and Mexican themed restaurants and businesses all in one place). \n\nThe waiter was probably what really made this place special. He had a great grasp on the extensive wine list (We ordered a bottle, and he confirmed to see if we knew what it was we were ordering...we did, but nice that he checked) and gave great recommendations so we could share dishes and have everything still pair nicely with the German Riesling. My wife had the Panang Curry (at an 8 spicy level, which she said was perfect) with noodles and I had the crispy duck with chili mint leaves. The noodles made for a messy meal, because the curry splashed around as my wife and I ate the noodles. The crispy duck was something I've been craving ever since, and may be in one of my top 5 meals ever.\n\nThe food came quickly, and our waiter was always nearby if we needed anything. He also came and brought a bucket of ice for our wine - something unexpected at a Thai restaurant. When I ordered the mango with sweet sticky rice (a staple at most Thai places), I was pleased when he advised against it due to the mangoes not being fully ripe.\n\nWill definitely be eating here again. And again......and again.", "Nice food! So so service... Wish they would do a better remodeling of this place... But it has that authentic feel...", "Ono food! 20 minutes and a cramped $65 limo ride with 8 other people led us to this great restaurant off the strip!\n\nI mean, seriously. This is a gem hidden among the \"real\" Lost Wages.\n\nFrom the appetizers to the dessert, we were completely satisfied. It was a whirlwind night and I can't remember everything that happened but the food was delicious and the prices were reasonable.", "Our wait was an hour long. I couldn't remember waiting that long the first time I was here a few years ago. The restaurant had even just about doubled in size since then too! Though the wait was a bit long, my taste bud experience was well worth the wait. The food was phenomenal. Every dish was very flavorful and the food tasted more authentic than other Thai restaurants. \n\nThe location it's in is kind of shabby looking. Don't judge a book by its cover though; this place is a gem!", "Probably one of the best Thai places that I have ate.  Some other top contenders are New Krung Thai Restaurant in San Jose and Osha in San Francisco.  \n\nOn the outside, this place looks real plain, nothing fancy, expecting a no ac and dirty kind of place.  But once you walk in, you see this nice temperature controlled wine cellar.  Then you see how large the restaurant actually is and that it is packed with people.  We made a reservation about 2 hrs in advance and had no problems getting it.  Once we arrived, they honored the reservation and led us immediately to our table.  I hate the places where you make a reservation, but still have to wait like everybody else.\n\nWe got the spicy catfish with basil, crispy duck in panang sauce, Tod Mun Pla (deep fried fish-cak), and Tom Yum Kun soup.  We got everything medium, oh also, everything came in exactly as medium for me, its not one of those places where medium means, low to zero spicy.\n\nThe Tod Mun Pla was great, I love the spicy sauce with cucumbers that came with it.\nTom Yum Kun soup was good, but was actually a little spicy for me.\nThe spicy fried catfish was real tasty and it stayed crispy till the end, I was expecting it to get soggy later on in the meal, but it stayed crispy.  \nThe crispy duck was also great, the only part of the duck that was crispy though was the skin.  It came with a panang sauce, which was good, we put that over our rice.  The duck was a little pricey though, about $21, was expecting it to be a whole duck, but was probably only half a duck.  But was still worth getting it.\n\nOverall, if I am in Vegas and feeling like eating Thai, I would come here.", "Read so many great reviews on yelp we decided to visit while visiting from Los Angeles. We were party of 3, two Asians and one Caucasian. We had reservations for dinner and were seated promptly.   We love Southeast Asian food and have been to lots of Thai, Laotian, Burmese restaurants in California and Asia.  There were about 100 other diners in the restaurant when we arrived. There were many things that ended up being unique about this restaurant, unfortunately the quality of the food was not one of them. First, about 99% of clientele was Caucasian. This is never a good sign at an Asian restaurant. Everyone had a bottle of wine at their table. That's another oddity at an Asian restaurant.  Despite these two warning signs, we still felt we would be in for a great experience, based on yelp reviews.  We really weren't looking for ambiance, wine or decor. We were looking for \"the best Thai food in the US, as promised in these reviews.  We ordered the Northern Thai soup, which was ok but not balanced and way too heavy on fish sauce.  We had Nam Prik Onn, chili dip, which is a peasant dish popular in Northern Thailand and Burma. It usually  contains a bit of meat or fish in a very salty sauce into which vegetables are dipped.  It's eaten because meat and protein are rare and expensive in parts of thailand and Burma.  It gives a bit of taste to cheap veggie meals.  Here it was 10 bucks for a few tablespoons of something that tasted like middle america spaghetti sauce, a few vegetables to dip, and a handful of packaged chicharones (pork rinds) straight from the chips section of the local supermarket. We had Laotian style papaya salad, which was good. We also had crispy duck in chili mint sauce, deep fried fish in chili sauce, northern thai sausage.   We also had a combination dessert with coconut ice cream, sticky rice, mango, and banana wrapped in wonton wraps and deep fried.  Overall food was acceptable. Nothing was great. We had to add another dish at the end because we were still hungry at the end, portions were so small. No drinks except water. Bill came to $120 for 3 people. Add the $35 round trip cab fare from strip.  Absolutely ridiculous for mediocre Thai food. We went to a fantastic Laos / Northeastern Thai restaurant in East Oakland California a month ago and had almost the same things, with much better quality and larger portions for $39!  Of course there wasn't the huge wine selection, but who goes to a Thai restaurant for wine. That would be like going to a French restaurant for rice.\nBig disappointment and way over-priced.", "Sets the standard for Thai food not just in Las Vegas but anywhere.\n\nEverything on the menu I have ordered over 10+ visits has been outstanding.  Thai-loving friends and colleagues from around the world are always blown away by this place.  \n\n1)  Nam-Prik-Noom - this \"dip\" is spicy, pork- and green-chile goodness with all kinds of things to dip in this bowl of pure joy.\n\n2)  Egg Rolls are outstanding.  Perfect balance of crisp inner and outer without a ton of grease.\n\n3) Thai Pigs in a Blanket which are deep fried prawns wrapped in bacon deep fried.\n\n4)  Curry curry curry - All of them.  I started with the Reds, then the yellow, then the green.  All are awesome.  Venture over to the Northern Thai curry menu for a different curries.  So yummy.  \n\n5)  WINE - Their wine list is outstanding and reasonably priced--especially for Vegas.", "So dissapointed!  I get Phad Thai anywhere I can, and of course with this place comes up as the \"best Thai\" in Vegas, I couldn't wait.  It was rubbery, and not very flavorful.  Not terrible, but... Not even close to the best I've had.  The list is long before Lotus.  Maybe it was just a bad visit, but it was lacking so much that I haven't even tempted a second one.  I'll stick to places that make excellent Phad Thai...", "Some of the most intense flavors I've ever experienced, and that's a good thing. I live in Los Angeles where we have many quality Thai places, but my friends pushed me here and I'm glad they did. So many things on the menu you won't find at other restaurants.\n\nAfter much research, I got the two most recommended dishes on Yelp: Nam Kao Tod and the Nam Prik Ong. The former was one of the most flavorful things I've ever eaten - so intense, with the sourness, spiciness and crispy rice. The Nam Prik Ong was a bit more mellow, but still had plenty of flavor and lots of different textures thanks to the different dipping options.\n\nMy wife doesn't like spicy food much, and got some chicken satay and pad thai - both were very tasty without being spicy, so they can definitely cater to any palette. Highest recommendation.", "Such a wonderful place & is even more charming bc of the humble beginnings! The service is wonderful!", "Such an awesome change from everything else in Vegas. The place has a cramped entry room, filled with photocopies of magazine reviews taped on the wall. It's located in a dingy strip mall with some other international-looking restaurants (Indian, Korean) and a pool hall.\n\nMy only goal was to order things I'd never heard of and was sure I'd not find elsewhere. So, no pad thai or green curry for me here!\n\no Mashed Jackfruit and Pork salad. (They held the pork though, since she's veggie.) It was odd, and one of those things I could hardly classify as animal / vegetable / mineral. Like nothing else I'd had... kind of sweet, kind of planty, a little bit oily. Winner.\n\no I-ssam pork sausage. This was... well, just a pork sausage, cut up into parts. It came on a plate by itself, served next to a wedge of cabbage, some fried peanuts, hot peppers, and onion. I was expecting it to be in something, but I had ordered essentially at random, so I couldn't complain. I did get some tips on eating it afterwards from our very helpful server.\n\no Green Dip with Chile and Mushroom. This was a surprise. It was a small bowl of what tasted similar to Hatch-style green chiles, with mushrooms, in a vinegar & spice sauce, with carrots and cucumbers for dipping / scooping. Very southwesty... in fact, the sort of thing you might see on the menu at some creative Santa Fe caf\u00e9. Except it's a native northern Thai dish! Total winner.\n\nNone of these were mind-blowing dishes by themselves, but they were awesome in that they were different from anywhere else. This food is authentic (or at least not Americanized), it's cheap, the staff were great. The menu is huge and I will campaign strongly for a return visit next time I'm in Vegas.", "THIS PLACE.  OH MY GOD.   So freaking good.  Their chicken panang is the perfect amount of spicy, their stuffed chicken wings are a gift from the gods, and their wine selection is extensive.  I seriously would consider going back to Vegas just to eat here again.\n\n It's a nice change to have employees seem to genuinely care about what you're feeling like, and then help you pick out your dishes, explaining the menu to you.  Our waiter told us to not get item A because we already were getting items B, C, and D.  Instead he suggested E, and he was completely right.  :)\n\nI can't eat shrimp, but everyone else at my table LOVED the shrimp dish they got, so if you like shrimp, definitely try it!  (it was called Garlic Prawns)\n\nAnd they made an off-the-menu dessert combo for us because we couldn't decide what to choose--so sweet!  The fried banana was delicious, and the perfect end to a fantastic and super-filling meal.\n\nAlso, we sat one table over from Jennifer Tilly, which was kind of weird.  She played on her iPad like the whole time LOL", "The food here is a religious experience! Lived up to and exceeded all the hype you'll find on the net...\n\nMy co-worker and I split everything: Tom Kah Kai (Bangkok style, #23), NAM KAO TOD (interesting sour sausage and crispy rice app), Sea Bass (Drunken Noodle), and Crispy Duck (Penang).  Tony was our server and I will ask for him again by name next time I'm in Vegas. It's that good.\n\nWe did a toast to each course because we could not stop talking about the food!  At first I wondered why the Riesling section of the wine list was like 3 times as big as all the other sections, and then halfway through dinner, and one bottle down, it dawned on me: because it pairs better with the intense spice of Thai food better than any other wine!\n\nDon't be sketched out about the strip mall location of the establishment.  It's part of the experience of finding it, and you will not soon forget your meal!  There's a reason why there are celebrity chef testimonials all over the walls...", "There's usually two schools of thoughts for Lotus.\n\nMost tourists enjoy it and are sold by the consistent TV plugs from Food Network and other social media.  If you talk to some locals, they'll talk about how overrated the food is.\n\nI'm definitely a fan of Lotus but encourage you to branch out and order mainly from the Northern Thai section which is what separates this place from anywhere else.  \n\nHowever the menu is like Cheesecake Factory with way to many selections which can be intimidating.  They should maybe provide pictures which would definitely help some of the novice Thai eaters.\n\nStay away from the ordinary Pad Thai, Satay's and Curries and opt with the new selections because that's why Lotus shines.\n\nThey also have a very pedestrian ABC Thai lunch special which is decent for what it is.", "This is hands down the best Thai food restaurant we have ever been to and we have a seen a ton of them in our day. This was our second time and it's just fantastic. Wonderful menu with an unreal wine list. We rarely go to someplace twice in Las Vegas, but we will be back again and again. Gold star for best restaurant in the worst location you can think of. We now downlaod their menu and go over it to select our dishes at home so we know what to order when we get there. Don't forget to call ahead to make a reservation for dinner as the lines can be really long to get in on Friday and Saturday nights without one.", "This is the most authentic Thai restaurant in the US outside east Asia! We started with beef satay and as the peanut sauce and beef hit my taste buds it took me right back to Bangkok. Followed up with some fried tofu with an outstanding sweet chilli sauce. The crispy duck in Penang sauce was unbelievable... the truly crunchy outside and soft meat was unexpected. The chilli rating from 1 to 10 was an added plus. I like slightly hot -spicy and a chilli rating of 6 for the Panang chicken was just enough to make it uncomfortably good! Lastly, the mango and sticky rice was perfectly done, ripe mango with warm pudding like, slightly coconut flavored sticky rice. The beauty of Lotus is the subtle seasoning that differentiates the ordinary form the extraordinary. Portions were generous and service was very good. Don't be put off by the strip mall entrance... or the price ($70 with tip for two) as it is really \"Thai\" food.", "This place gave me and my friends food poison!! we went here for my friend birthday and more then half of us had stomach ache afterwards, our party was about twenty people.", "This place was overall GREAT! I am in Vegas for a trade show and was recommended this place by my boss who had heard of it. Five of us shared a few appetizers and main dishes. We had a little bit of everything: soup, dumping, fried rice, pad thai, etc. A cool thing is they ask you how spicy you want it, so you can choose if you like it real spicy or not spicy at all. The waiters, even the hosts, really know their food. If you ask, they will recommend the best, and it truly is the best. I did visit their ladies restroom and I was very surprised to see a fabulously clean and well groomed restroom. Soap, toilet paper..everything was stocked. When you see the outside of the restaurant, you wouldn't necessarily think it was nice on the inside, but everything on the inside was professional including the waiters and hosts. I would definitely recommend checking this place out if you are in town.", "This restaurant was highly suggested to visit while we were in Vegas.  Definitely make a reservation because they were packed!  This was some of the best Thai food I have ever had in my life!  Everything we ate was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing.  We started out with bacon wrapped prawns in a wrapper, fried with a sweet and sour sauce.  We also had  the Crispy Rice appetizer with onion, mint, pork, it was super spicy and I can handle spice, but it was delicious!  We then got Red Curry Tofu, Pad Thai, and Peppercorn seared Beef with Rice.  These were all so tasty but I will say that the Beef was my favorite!  It was savory and the meat was so tender.  Everything here on a spice level of 1-10 is very spicy...we got a 5 and it was hot!  The waitstaff is great as well as the food.  Although this restaurant is in a strip mall off of the Strip, every cab driver will know when you say the name of Lotus!  When you are in Vegas this is a must!!", "Update: \n\nOn my recent trip to Vegas my husband and I ate here two nights in a row. Yes, I will admit it's the best thai food I've ever had. Perhaps the best food I've ever had.", "Visited on my recent trip to Vegas.  They have a great Northern Larb and Chicken soup with glass noodles.  I was sharing with someone that doesn't eat spicy, so that limited me off of the Northern cuisine.  Would definitely try again.  I felt the service was decent.  The servers seemed stretched out over large areas...maybe because it was on a Sunday??", "We had reservations, which was a good thing - the place was jumping on the weekend.  I was impressed by the breadth of their menu - Northern dishes, Southern dishes, house specialties.  Definitely a welcome change from the strip, and I was impressed by their wine list.", "Went for dinner on a Sunday night, waited for 30 minutes for a simple dish, eggplant with chicken. The chicken was raw, so I sent it back. Then the eggplant was rubbery and inedible. I just walked out, even though I was starving! Never again!", "What a disappointment.\nSeveral of my friends heard rave reviews about this place so we decided to check it out. First off the wait was ridiculous... a good sign I suppose. We finally were seated after an hour and 30 minutes. We ordered everything from the pad thai and fried rice to the panang curry. There were 10 of us. The food was mediocre at best and I'm being nice. I don't know what the hype is. The service is uber slow and the food is not that great. We left disappointed and annoyed at the friends who dragged us there. \n\nMy husband and I actually checked out another thai restaurant during another visit to Vegas, Thai Style Noodle house. Now thats authentic Thai food. It was soooo good and cheap. I'm so sad we don't live in Vegas so could frequent this little hole in the wall.", "What took me so long to come here and eat?!  Lotus of Siam has long held the reputation of being one of the top Thai restaurants in the country and I finally got to experience the bombness of this place!  Perhaps, it's because of the location.  It is in a very seedy party of town that LOOKS seedy during the day and even seedier at night.  Great food found in a dumpy strip mall?  Perfect.\n\nWe went during lunch time and did not go with the lunch buffet.  As advised by on of our Lotus of Siam experience friends, we chose to order from the menu instead and it was the way to go!  I think everything we chose was deep fried in some form or another, which lead to a cholesterol fest of food.  I'm getting older, so that stuff don't phase me (yet).\n\n- Our introduction was Garlic Prawns.  Crispy + salty = good.\n\n- Next came the Chilean Seabass and Drunken Noodles and Crispy Duck Panang.  Flavors were on the saltier side, but again, I am a sucker for CRISPY!!\n\n- My most favorite dish was Nam Koi Tod (minced sour sausage mixed with green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, crispy rice and lime juice).  I've never had this dish before anywhere, so it was a fun new dish.  Crispy crunchy rice with the fragrant flavors of all the fixings left a party in my mouth!\n\nConclusion:  Lotus of Siam lives up to the hype.  Will definitely go back and try other menu items.", "Wow! This place was a gem after all the horrible food we had in Las Vegas. We were in town for 4 days and ate here twice. We had the papaya salad (which was amazing here) and a few curries. They are truly authentic and the service is also top notch. They give you space but are really attentive to what you need. The servers are also really kind and humble, true Thai style. My bf has a gluten allergy and asked the server for a recommendation. The server basically made him a speciality dish (mint, basil and mixed veggies) and it was so tasty. This place is up to par with the Thai food I've had in L.A, if not better. \n\nYou must try! They get pretty busy on the weekends, so make a rsvp!", "Wow.  This is the best thai food i've ever had.  Every bite had so much flavor.  Garlic Prawn is a must-have.  Be prepared to wait if you don't have reservations :)"]
[2011, "season1"]	["A solid three stars as the hype had me expecting to be blown away all the way to Thailand. Not the case but I would say we made it half way there. \n\nOur table of 6 had a wide selection of apps and main dishes and everyone was pleased. Again, nothing stood out as way above average but not bad at all. \n\nMark this one up as a great excuse to get off the strip and head to a strip mall for some good thai food. Enjoy!", "All I have to say is get the DEEP FRIED GARLIC PRAWNS!!!!!!\nThey are AMAZING!!! I drool just thinking about them! The shells of the prawns is absolutely crisp beyond belief and the prawn itself is just delicious, all with garlic galore!", "All of the other reviews are true! This restaurant was the highlight of my trip-yum. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because we ordered food that was a spice level of \"6\" along with a spice level of \"10\" and they had the same level of heat. (And my hot pepper-loving friend was very disappointed.) Otherwise we loved every bite of our food. I love Thai food and it doesn't get much better than this. We went on a weekend - make sure to call early to add your name to the list. If I ever return to Vegas, I'm taking a cab straight to Lotus of Siam-yum!", "Amazing fresh, authentic food... wish I'd thought to ask for more guidance before ordering... It would be great to go with a big group in order to be able to sample more...", "Best Thai I have had in the states. I don't know whatelse to say other than that. It is a must stop.", "Best Thai food of your life unassumingly located in an off-Strip sketchy strip mall, with the accolades and photos with celebrities adorning the walls and full tables to prove it.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu; however the pad thai, crispy duck, and braised short rib with panang were standouts.", "Best Thai spot in Vegas. Must try the whole roasted catfish, soft shell crab salad, and the garlic shrimp with the shells. I've eaten here like 10 times, great everytime. Service is good. Too far from our house and they only stay open til about 9-930pm. This is Vegas stay open later. Please. And open a 2nd location don't like taking my kids to crack alley!", "Best garlic prawns!  Their Thai iced tea, yummy!  Make reservations!  This place gets packed quickly.  Friendly service can't wait to eat there again!", "Brightly lit and energetic restaurant serving fantastic, authentic and mouth watering Thai cuisine, paired with a respectable wine list.  That pretty much sums up Lotus of Siam (LOS) for me. \n\nSince moving out to Las Vegas a few years ago, I have always heard about LOS, but have never ventured out to give them a try.  And when I finally went with a group of Meetup folks, the overall experience was positive.\n\nLOS is a Thai restaurant that does truly deserves the many accolades that has been given by food critics, from the ranks of professionals to amateurs, from all around the world over the years.  The restaurant features a fairly large menu selection, some are common and easy to find on other menus, but more importantly it has entr\u00e9es and specials that are not available in most other Thai restaurants in the US.  \n\nNow, I am not saying every dish that is prepared and served from the kitchen is perfect and absolutely delicious, because it is not.  But out of the thirteen we ordered, there was only one I did not really cared for, most are good, and some are truly excellent.  Some items I thought was overpriced, while others I felt deserves the price charged.\n\nFood highlights:\nPrawn Ocha - Unique preparation of an otherwise common ingredient.  Delicious and highly recommended.  It is pricey, but definitely worth trying at least once. ($21.95)\n\n#116 Drunken Noodle Seafood - Pan fried flat rice noodle\ntopped with, sauteed assorted seafood with fresh & dry chili,\nThai basil served on bed of green. ($12.95)\n\nDesserts!  Their Fried Banana Roll is a little different from those served elsewhere, their Mango and Sticky Rice (the mango was surprisingly ripe and tasty for March, while the sticky rice was just A+), the Coconut Ice Cream was good.\n\nHits The Spot:\n#130 Green Curry with Sliced Chicken. Nothing fancy, but is still good. ($9.95) \n\n#85  Spicy Catfish with Basil Leaves - Saut\u00e9ed deep fried thin catfish slice without bone in fresh and dried chili and Thai basil leaves. ($13.95)\n\nDislikes:\n#14 Nam Kao Tod (Crispy Rice Salad with Minced Sour Sausage) - not particularly interesting, and way too much lime for my taste.  Although others on Yelp, ChowHound, etc raves about it. So give it a try, and decide for yourself.\n\nService - Acceptable.  We had a large party of 11, and they did their best to provide decent level of service.  The kitchen was also able to space out the timing of serving the dishes, otherwise there will definitely not be any room to put everything we ordered on the two tables they put together to seat our group.\n\nRecommended group size: Small parties of 1-2, 3-4, or 7or 8 (small 2 tops, 4 tops, or 2x 4 tops). Anything larger, you will just be squeezed into tables that should seat 8 comfortably. \n\nMake reservations in advance!  Especially if you have a large group.\n\nFood: 3.5 - some hits and some misses. The noodles all seems to be good to great.\nService: 3 - probably provides better service for smaller and more manageable parties.\nAmbiance: 4.5 - It is brightly lit, which I prefer, so I can see my food and how artfully it has been presented.\nPrice: 3 - Some items seems overpriced, while others deserved the markup.  Our party average $32/person (no wine), and we were able to try a lot of food.\n\nIf I can give it a 3.5 I would, because it is better than just \"A-OK\", but not really good enough for the \"Yay! I'm a fan\".", "Certainly, the location comes across as the most beaten down strip mall in a city nicknamed Lost Wages.  Come here in the heat of summer and likely you will feel that you and your party have stepped into a Post Nuclear Bomb movie: your skin feels like 1,000 degrees and glowing. So the food would have to be the draw.  And it is!  This has some of the best Thai food in the ole' U.S. of A. (note: the original restaurant was in Hollywood, another city that has seen better days, so I have actually been eating here for two decades!)   The curry here is special, with the right level of heat.  So enjoy those beads of sweat on your forehead, because they will cool you down when you walk back out into the furnace!", "Doesn't look like much from the outside, especially at night time. Yelp avg is four stars so Kuong thought it'd be a nice try. Yelp didn't let us down:) We were there for dinner, service wasn't bad. Food tasted great. Panang Chicken, Tom Yum Kai, Beef Larb, and Issan style beef jerk were great. Can't wait to try out other items the next time I'm in Vegas...", "Driving 5 hours from LA to Las Vegas to eat Thai Food that's not on the strip? That's right folks, every bite at Lotus of Siam makes each minute stuck in traffic/wasting gas/ road rage worth it. While we were about to make our way to the strip for king crab legs at Vegas Style Buffets, a friend persuaded us to eat this \"Best Thai Food in North America\". The thought of eating Asian food in Vegas after coming from a 50% Asian infested area in LA didn't exactly rate high on my desireability meter, but OMG...take one bite of this magical/ what did they put into this/ if it's crack I'll still eat it- concoction changed my mind. \n\nThe outside of this place makes it look like a hole in the wall. Definitely not the glitz and glamour that you're looking for, but enter and the walls are lined with awards and thai-style decor.\n\nWe were overwhelmed by all the food and spent about twenty minutes badgering the waiter about what was good. \n\nLaos Papaya Salad- Not to be eaten if you don't like spicy food. I love spicy food. The more it burns, the better it tastes, even though I probably won't be able to taste afterward. Point in case? It was good. But if you can't handle really spicy, it probably isn't for you. Or ask them to make it a level 2 spicy (medium). \n\nGarlic Prawns- I love garlic. I love prawns. I love Lotus of Siam. Therefore, I love Lotus of Siam's Garlic Prawns. They don't skimp out on the prawns, the flavor is explosive. I believe it's fried, so it's crispy on the outside, probably not the best thing for your waistline, but wonderfulness in a bite is not good for your waistline. \n\nAnd finally...\n\nDRUNKEN NOODLE!!! \nI don't know why they call it drunken noodle, maybe it's hangover food? Maybe there's alcohol in it? Maybe you're supposed to be drunk while you eat it? I don't care...sober, drunk, about to die, I love this stuff. It looks like your typical Pan-Fried noodle, but looks are not to be deceiving of this mouth-watering concoction. It's extremely tasty, balanced, and a sensible portion, although with the 6 of us it was a fight for every last bit of noodle on that plate. I am now on the quest to try every Drunken Noodle in the LA area, but have yet to find anything remotely close. \n\nOh Lotus of Siam, why must you be so far? That's right people, at 25 years old, the idea of partying and getting drunk on the strip are lower on the list of priorities. Number one? Eat Lotus of Siam.", "Easily the best Thai food I've ever had.\n\nCame here on a Friday night and the place was getting pretty crowded, even though it was only 5:30. We sat down and ordered a few beers, then took a look at the extensive menu.\n\nWe decided to order family style. \n\nChicken and Shrimp Pad Thai- No doubt the best pad thai I've ever had. Perfect amount of spice and so much flavor.\n\nPad See Ew- Once again, the best Pad See Ew I've ever had. So much flavor and the noodles were cooked perfectly. The beef was perfect with it.\n\nTom Yum Kai- The broth was delicious, but my mouth was on fire! I must have taken a spoon full of spices at one time because I was dying. Still real good though.\n\nCrispy Duck on Drunken Noodle- By far my favorite dish of the night. The duck was cooked perfectly and the added crispy on top from the fat just made it amazing. One of the best things I have eaten all year.\n\nOverall I was really impressed with Lotus of Siam. THere was an extremely high amount of hype going into the dinner and the dinner did not disappoint. Generally its hard for me to distinguish between good Thai food and GREAT thai food, but I can finally say that I have had GREAT thai food.", "Finally I got to try this place!!! Yay!!!\n\nThanks to Amy K's suggestion, we ordered the drunken noodle soft crab and the northern red curry. We also ordered this beef dish...can't remember the name...and we also ordered catfish. And last but certainly not least, the mango sticky rice:\n\ndrunken noodle soft crab: Very good. Definitely a must try.\n\nnorthern red curry: Yes, not much of a curry, more like a stew. Also not as sweet as panang..I think they use less coconut milk. So if you like coconut milk, you may not like this version of curry as much. \n\nbeef dish: it was a cold dish...cubed filet mignon..anyway, we thought it would be warm so it was a little surprising..it tasted like the beef on the beef salad...good but nothing extraordinary.\n\ncatfish: breaded and sauced...pretty good...loved it! put the sauce on our rice and ate it up! You must try it!!\n\nmango sticky rice: I looooooved this version...the rice was more complex in flavors than the others I've tasted...maybe I'm crazy...even  the mango pieces were perfectly ripe and was sweeter than normal, too...but it was really good...my friend who doesn't even like sweets, loved it, too...i could come back just for this...hopefully i'm not building it up too much...haha \n\nWish they were local...", "Good food,good price but not large quantities of food. I dig it though.", "Great food, great service friendly atmosphere.  I was so excited to try this place on my last visit home.  I have heard about it so many times and can't believe I never tried it sooner (like when I lived in Vegas), however I finally got my family (boring eaters) to finally go!\n\nFirst off this place is really crowded we called twice about dinner but were told they were booked and would mostly likely have to wait an hour if we decided that we were going to just show up.  We ended up going for lunch because we figured it would not be as crowded.  It worked but I still suggest calling ahead.\n\nOut of all the thai restaurants I have eaten at Lotus of Siam had the greatest.  They had a large selection of main dishes, soups, and salads.  Most of the dishes could also be made vegetarian.  In addition to standard thai dishes they also offered a selection of Northern Thai food.\n\nI recommend the spicy vegetable soup, basil and chili tofu with mixed vegetables and the panang curry.", "Great place to eat off the strip. Lunch buffet is now $9.99, though I order the drunken noodles with soft shelled crab ($18) even at lunch. Everything is done well and when you want something spicy... you can get spicy!", "Great restaurant just north of the strip.  Got the chicken khoa soi and it was good, just not as spicy as I had asked.  The cucumber salad was delicious.  The pad se-ew was good as well.  The kang renu nak was okay.  We prefer a curry with coconut milk.  The Thai food at this restaurant was good.  I'm only dishing out 4 stars because I asked for a spicy 10 but got maybe a 6.  Overall though, it was still a good meal and I would bring other friends here.", "Having lived in Thailand for 7 years, I know this is defnitely the best Thai food in LV. There are alot of good americanized thai food places in this city, but I think this place is by far the most authentic. I would highly recommend this place. I always take my visitors here.My favorite restaurant in las vegas!!!", "I am still looking to find another Thai restaurant that beats this place--not in terms of ambiance but in tastiness. It is excellent.", "I can't claim this is the \"best thai in America\" but I can profess it's one of the best. If you're in Las Vegas, you must try this place. Since my husband and I don't live in Vegas, we were unable to eat here more than once, but I do know what we ordered was fabulous. The wine selection is amazing, the ambiance is nice, the food is outrageously terrific, and the prices are great. My husband loves spicy thai and I don't and they created perfect meals to satisfy both our heat preferences. \n\nDon't be alarmed by the location or facade of the building. The inside is  completely different than expected and really spacious. \n\nNext time, we will try the lunch buffet. \n\nFantastic thai; you must eat here :)", "I decided to write a review for this place but the only problem was that I have not eaten here in years. So I decided to order take out last night. I ordered the drunken noodles with duck. \n\nPros: it was as delicious as ever. The noodles tasted great. They give you the sauce to put over separately, so be careful not to drench it. The duck was great as well. The duck was fried and deboned for easy eating. \n\nCons: they didn't give me a pair of chopsticks.\n\nThis is the benchmark for all thai food.", "I eat a lot of thai food in Dallas, and sucks for me because this was better than anything I can get at home. \n\nTheir spicy basil sauce (on whatever meat you choose) is delicious. I had it on three dishes: the catfish, with minced chicken on the pad kee mao, and later on a whole fried red snapper. Sauce is right on the money.\n\nThe green papaya salad is my favorite I've ever had. Crisp, well marinated: it bursts with flavor. Make sure you get it spicy though. We got it medium, and one time it was fairly hot, the next time it was not hot enough. I would err on the side of too spicy next time. Nice ripe tomato bits in it also.\n\nI liked the Crisp Rice Salad with Minced Sour Sausage, but dining partner wasn't impressed. I thought it had interesting texture to the rice with a concentrated flavor, though the sausage looked more like ham.\n\nWe also tried the Northern Larb...also a flavor concentration and quite good. It has minced pieces of pork and spices: very tasty but a little unusual.\n\nOh, Pad Woon Sen with shrimp was wonderful but it's hard to mess that up.\n\nOnly disappointment for me was the Khao Soi (yellow curry with rice noodles)...it was OK, but didn't stand out among others I've had.\n\nDefinitely finish the meal with the coconut ice cream. Home-made, rich, luxurious, perfect slightly melted temperature, small frozen bits of coconut embedded. This actually is what drew us back to LOS for a 2nd day in a row. \n\nSo although I'm a bit Las Vegas-ed out right now, LOS may lure me back sooner than I plan.", "I found it difficult to find this place, wish I had a GPS device at the time.  But it was well worth seeking out.  Thai dishes that I had never heard of before  I never knew that there was such a thing as Thai sausage!.  Each and every dish one was delicious.\n\nI hope I have a chance to return here.", "I had heard, well actually read, so much about how amazing this place was. When a restaurant is heralded as the best Thai food in North America, it has to be good. Only down side was my expectations going in were sky high. However it really says something when not only was I not let down but my expectations were actually exceeded. \nI've heard that everything on the menu is great and so far that's true although some things are a bit more amazing than others. I've been here twice so far, and both times have ordered number #14 on the appetizer menu. I can't remember the exact name of it but I refer to it as crispy rice salad. One of the best dishes I can remember getting in a long time. \nThe menu is very long and has a bigger variety than most typical Thai restaurants so you might need some guidance. On my first visit, the server recommended Sea Bass Drunken Noodles. I saw a prior reviewer mention it was \"like crack\" and I would have to agree with them. The Sea Bass was very tender and the noodles and sauce were very flavorful. The next time I came, I forced myself to try something different. The server recommended some sort of noodle dish that was more like soup. It was still good but I definitely preferred the drunken noodles to it. But really, seems like you can't go wrong with almost anything here.\nWe actually tried to come to Lotus of Siam several years ago but we thought we were in the wrong place since the center its in looks a bit run down, to put it nicely. So if you have never been here, be forewarned. Once you enter however, the place looks legit. Take a glance at all the pictures of celebrities and famous chefs who have dined here to convince you.\nMy only complaint is that they are not open for lunch on weekends. Since its location is a bit out of the way, it's more convenient to come to for lunch and I would guarantee I'd be here on every Vegas trip if I could come in for lunch on a Saturday or Sunday. On my last week Vegas trip, I literally scheduled my trip around a lunch visit here by going on a long weekend and staying through Monday. I won't always have that option though so unfortunately I'll probably miss out on the deliciousness of Lotus of Siam on some future trips to the desert.", "I had to try this restaurant because everyone and their mama raved about it.  And now I see why.  Lotus of Siam may not be considered \"authentic\" Thai food, but I don't care- it is delicious! I have eaten here twice and both times I didn't see any patrons of Thai heritage.  \n\nNonetheless, the deep fried garlic prawns are reason enough to try this restaurant. And I'll go back for the perfectly deep fried catfish with basil in a heartbeat. I'll admit, the Pad Thai was a bit sweet for my liking, but my 2 year old daughter ate every morsel.   The Papaya salad was also way too spicy for me, but it didn't stop us from eating the entire dish.  \n\nThe service is fantastic. And if you get here before the dinner rush, around 6ish, there should be plenty of open tables. Otherwise, make a reservation in advance or be prepared to wait a long time.", "I have eaten here a few times and it is always excellent.  Service can be a little slow and there is a wait for a table nearly every night, but it is worth it.  I think the Koong Sarong is the best thing I have ever eaten.  Bacon wrapped deep fried prawns.  OMG!  Soooo good!!  I have had a couple of different curries as well.  The masaman is excellent as is the standard red curry.  \n\nThis place is a must try!", "I have eaten here three times.\nEXCELLENT Thai Food.  I have been to Thailand three times, and this food is just wonderful.  The strip mall is a dive, but it's certainly a hidden gem.  \n\nI loved my red curry. The chicken satay was great. My friend ordered the seafood fried rice, which wasn't my favorite, but he liked it.  A couple of Singha beers and Bob's your uncle.", "I really like this place a lot. I've been here 3 times now and have had 3 terrific meals. They have an extensive menu of things I've heard of and things I haven't and I've tried both.\n5 stars for the Tom Kah Kai soup, any of the fish and duck entrees (which are a bit more expensive at $30), the flat noodles which come with many of these entrees, pork pad sw ew\nThe jackfruit was ok and the sausage is really weird, just not used to the flavors. \nI love that I can get an amazing meal for 2 with a good bottle of wine for $100.", "I think about get some Thai food for a while so I stopped by Lotus of Siam for lunch.\nI knew their food is good but portion is small and pricy.\nAnyway I stopped by and found they do lunch buffet.\nIt's $9.99. Not cheap at all.Even though, I wnat to try buffet this time.\nPad thai was ok(taste was good but noddle was stick together) Red curry was ok(vegetable was fresh but too much oil than regular dish) egg soup was good, fried rice was ok, and fried banana and fresh fruit was good. Of course they served more food such as Thai style beef stew, egg roll, Fried Tofu, Mixed vegetable.\nAlso, I ordered coffee. It wasn't good.(I bet they did warm up for me cuz it was way too much hot and taste was........different. I know it's a wrong place to order coffee but still...)\nBuffet is so so to me but i gave 4 stars for food not for price.", "I'm honestly really really disappointed.\n\nI had the crispy duck over drunken noodles for a whopping NINETEEN DOLLARS. The noodles were all stuck together, tasteless, and covered in oil from the duck. The duck was not really crispy, but just hard and oily from the batter, and had little meat. The sauce, which is usually the redeeming quality, was just bad.\n\nNote: this place is alot further than it looks. It was a 10-15 minute taxi ride from the strip because of the stop lights and such.", "I've been hearing about this place arguably being the best Thai in the states. I haven't been to enough to compare, but my first time experience with Lotus of Siam is pretty damn good. \n\nWhen we rolled up, we had an awkward feeling about this place as the exterior seemed really dinky and the spaces around this strip mall have pretty much gone out of business. But as we saw people waiting around in the front for it to open....and asian, this was our good sign. It was like the moment Dorothy opened the front door to her house and stepped into Oz. They had seemed to done up the place really well and you really wouldn't have imagined it at its location.\n\nIt was pretty interesting as we sat down and literally had to flip through seven pages of the menu and absolutely had no idea what to order. The waiters were definitely honest with their suggestions. Their recommendations turned out to be some of the most unique flavors and tastes I've ever experienced.  I'm thinking that part of the reason why their food is so delicious is because they utilize their different flavors, textures, and consistencies so successfully.\n\nWe ordered the following:\nNam Kao Tod\nGreen Tofu Curry \nSai Oua (Northern Style Sausage)\nDrunken Noodles with Chicken\nNam Prik Ong with Sticky Rice (Red Chili Dip)\nCoconut Ice cream with Fried Bananas \n\nAmongst my uncle, cousin and myself, it was definitely way too difficult to rank our favorites; and we kept adding on to our tab because it's one of those places where you want to literally try everything on the menu.\n\nWe also kept hearing people mention that they had redone the place, maybe for more room to hang their awards and pictures of celebrities.\n\nChances of coming back? OF COURSE!!!!! (already on my list when I come back to Vegas)", "I've been here so many times that my \"food I've had here list\" would exceed Yelp limits, swears.\n\nAnyways, everything I've had here exceeded expectations but there's always one dish that I tell anyone visiting to get and that's the Garlic Prawns. If you've had it, you know what I mean and if you haven't then you will know what I mean ;) It's a large dish, I say definitely meant to be shared!\n\nThis place also gets my vote for the *best buffet* in Vegas. Quality is on par and the price is kinda shocking (because it's so cheap!!!!) Curry is my faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaav. *drool*\n\nThey pretty recently renovated and doubled the size of the place, which I was very happy to see because when I first started going, there was usually a 45 min wait for dinner.\n\nI suggest you high-tail it there asap.", "I've read about the hype of this restaurant since my first visit here 6 years ago.  After moving here four years ago, I decided to give it a try.  My first visit was fairly good.  The place was packed.  The decor plain with tons of celebrities on the wall.\n\nMy second visit was probably two years ago.  I went with my boyfriend on a date night.  I decided to try some of the more interesting stuff, like tripe, etc.  Of course I was the only one eating these items as my boyfriend is a burger and fries kind of guy.  I think he ordered the Pad Thai.  I made him try a couple of bites.  I'm not sure what I ordered but it was good going down.\n\nA perfect date is not complete without a walk by the Bellagio fountain, which I insisted on.  However, not ten minutes after dinner, I warned my boyfriend that we needed to find a bathroom NOW!  My stomach hurt so badly I was afraid I wasn't going to make it.  We stopped at the first bathroom after the Bellagio self-park as I sat on the toilet balled over in pain.  We walked through the casino and I ran into the bathroom again only minutes later.  We caught a quick fountain show and I ran into the bathroom again.  That's three trips in ten minutes.  I'm sure the security guards thought I had a different \"problem\".  After we made it home, my boyfriend finally got going and spent a good part of the night in the bathroom.  Talk about pain.\n\nI'm not sure what I had eaten that had caused the upset stomach and, I have to say, I was really disappointed.  I will try it again but if I spend another night in the bathroom . . .", "Its all about the lunch buffet. Seems like ordering off the menu can get you into some pricey areas. The lunch buffet is definatly worth going to...the food is fresh and cooked with care. The selection on the buffet isnt exactly huge, but its certainly enough for lunch. I would go here every day if I could.", "Lotus of Siam tastes Authentic but the price sure isn't. I've been to the Best Place in NYC (SriPhadPhai) and the prices are half of Lotus of Siams. \n\nThe Bacon wrapped Shrimp were Okay.\nThe Veggie Tom Yum delicious, as was the Chicken Pad Thai.\nThe Food here is AWESOME. \nBe forewarned, on a scale of 1-10, a 6-7 will make someone with a high spice tolerance teary eyed- to the point you won't taste your food.", "My favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas.  I know good food because I'm from NYC, and this place has Thai Food that is a cut above any I've ever had.  Must haves: Green Papya Salad, Garlic Prawns, Drunken Noodle with Sea Bass.  I've dined here many time and have never ever been disappointed.  I know it's off the strip, but the some of the best things in Vegas are off the strip, and this is the best example of that.  Don't go to too spicy: a 5 level spice blew us away.", "My partner and I went there on Saturday night after CES. I tried to call and make reservation and was informed that they were fully booked. We decided to go try our luck anyway. The hostess told us the wait time was 45 minutes. However, we got lucky because someone canceled while we were waiting at the bar after 5 mins!\nWe have been there before and it was an ok experience.\nThis time, I did my homework and we had a great time.\nWe ordered four dishes.\nStuffed wings, Pork larb, Drunken noodle with seafood, BBQ Beef.\nOur favorites are Drunken noodle and BBQ Beef. Noodles had great flavor and the beef was just right.\nOur waiter and bartender were both polite, soft-spoken, and attentive. \nWe also saw people ordered Drunken noodle with fried prawn. It looks amazing. I am sure we will be back.", "My wife and I stopped in for a late lunch on our way back from hiking for the day.  I was slighly concerned by the location, but once inside it was no issue. The menu here is extensive and there is plenty to chooose from.  We ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp for an appetizer. While this isnt' \"authentic Thai\", it was great.  I had the green curry chicken, which had great flavor and heat.  If I recall correclty, my wife ordered a cilantro tofu dish that was great. We would go again if back in Vegas.", "Nice find thanks to yelp! The area is totally ghetto but inside is quite nice. The staff were all friendly and helped sort through the long menu. I had the prawns on drunken noodles and they were tasty. Get there early and you're in for sure. Food is 3.5 service and atmosphere push me to a 4", "OKay, I have been here many times before and normally i owuld give LOtus a 5. I love tha thtey have made the ambience way better and explanded the place. That said, they made their food much spicier. I normally get 7s or 8s and I got the food as a 7. (Green Curry). i have never had such an unpleasant experience in my life. I started CRYING right there at the table. My mouth was literally in pain!!! I NEVER EVER send food back but we had to send it back caz it was AWFUL!!!! SOOO We did. We sent it back. Guess what they did!?!?! They took out the chilis and didnt re make anything and brought the same dish back. I couldn't eat anyway so we left and brought it home (thinkign that it would improve after my moth calmed down). JUST AS BAD at home the next day. So i called and complained to the manager. They were nice enough to offer me a free green curry on my next visit. They did that. But they were still unbelivably rude. No sincere apology or anything. Anyway, last time i go there", "Off the strip but worth the taxi cab.  The strip mall it sits in doesn't do the restaurant justice....\n\nQuality Thai cuisine in Las Vegas.  The curry we had was amazing...Tom Yum soup was a little pricey but I think it's because the prawns were bigger than my dog.\n\nAll other foods (curry, noodles, pork belly) all put happy smiles on our face.  Plus after stuffing our face with buffet food its a nice great change.  Finished it off with some Thai Iced Tea as well.", "Omfg! The best, simply the best in Thai cuisine. This is where the chefs go to eat.", "On a recent trip to Vegas Lotus of Siam was on the top of my hit list. And if you read about the Vegas food scene Lotus of Siam is probably a name you've come across as well. People talk about it as the best Thai restaurant not just in Vegas or Nevada but in the entire United States. For a city that's known for big billings and flashy signs this is quite a statement.\n\nA group of me and my buddies checked it out for dinner. The menu is a tome filled with both Thai classics as well as dishes I've never seen before. Some things we wanted we couldn't find on the menu (like a Spring roll) but we were able to order anyways, I'm not sure if we just couldn't find it or if they cater to this off the menu ordering but given what they say they can make I'm sure it would be pretty hard to stump this kitchen.\n\nNothing at this place jumped out as the greatest Thai food I've ever had. They were pretty honest about their spice ratings with several \"moderate\"-ly spicy dishes coming out as quite hot. I really love my food spicy and found moderate to be about right, although I have to admit, I'd love to come back and ask for something really spicy and see what they'd serve up. For my main dish I went with the Nam-Prik-Head (Spicy Mushroom Dip) because (1) as previously noted, I like spice, and (2) I never remember seeing this on a menu before. What came out was a small dish of \"dip\" and some vegetables. The dip doesn't really stick to the vegetables as it as more of the consistency of a thick chutney than a dip. It wasn't the easiest dish to eat but it as definitely spicy and a very tasty mixture.\n\nThe service here as quite slow, not bad, they were friendly and helpful, just in no rush to get anywhere and we often found ourselves waiting. The restaurant is in a strip mall a little off the Strip. A local friend who came to meet us after dinner wanted to know what we were doing in \"that\" part of town, which says a lot in Vegas. Walking the distance from the strip won't kill you, but the neighborhood just might. \n\nIn sum, if this is the best Thai food in the US the reason is only because it's one of the only ones that serves \"real\" Thai food and the rest of them are holding out on us. I've never been to Thailand so I can't really comment on that. Although excellent food, it wasn't quite cheap enough to be cheap, not hidden enough to be a hidden gem and just not good enough to make me think it's the best Thai food I'll ever taste in the states. Worth going to but I wouldn't say that it's a \"must visit.\"", "One word: Magic.", "Our recent lunch trip to Lotus was fine, not great, not bad, but fine. \n\nBoth ordered off of the menu, shipped the buffet. The catfish soup had a nice flavor. The pork larb salad was nothing to write home about.\n\nThis was the first Asian restaurant I've been to where you get charged for a refill of hot tea. Oh well.\n\nThe wine selection looked extensive and the restaurant was bustling.", "So many places to choose from this vast and dated strip mall. I just had Thai food the other day and most of the time I don't like repeating similar types of food for at least a few days/meals.. BUT Thai Noodle House left such a savory taste in my mouth that I wanted More!! BUT More from a new place, a place that so many people seem to worship! This place doesn't seem to lure in just us locals but also the rich and famous! I'm ready for Thai food Round 2:\n\nWhat gave me a New Outlook on Thai Food:\n\nGround Chicken Larb: ground chicken with chopped onion, green chili, lime juice and fresh cabbage\n\n- Tried this because it was recomended. Quite Fresh, Limey, Crunchy (cabbage) and Chicken was Good. And Most importantly Spicey!! for me at least.. We opted for 4/10 (default, if you don't mention how spicy, you get thir medium hot which starts at 4 Not 5) on the heat scale and this already made me feel like a fire breathing dragon!! Don't be fooled, if your not into spicy you may want to order a 3 at most. For comparison: I've tried a 10/10 heat scale at Pin Kaow and Thai BBQ.. The 4 here was hotter! \n\nDrunken Noodle Sliced Chicken: pan fried flat noodle, topped with sauteed chicken, fresh and dry chili, thai basil on a bed of greens\n\n- My girl doesn't really eat seafood, so she substituted for chicken. I thought I've tried Great Thai flat noodle chicken dishes in the past but boy was I wrong! Chicken Tender and Very Tasty, Herbs and Spices (3/10 heat) was just right and flat noodles couldn't be any better! \n\nPad Se-Ew Sliced Pork: stir-fried flat rice noodle with egg, chinese broccoli and black soy sauce\n\n- One of my favorite all time Thai dishes. I never tried a bad version of this dish but their pork here was better than any I've tried and again the flat noodles stood out themselves. 4/10 heat scale but didn't seem to have as much heat as the Chicken Larb dish?.. Really Good for Pad Se-ew.\n\nDrunken Noodle Halibut: deep fried halibut filet with homemade fresh chili and thai basil, over pan fried flat noodles\n\n- Best Thai dish I've Ever Had.. Period. I don't know where to start.. The fish fillet had a nice breading, lightly fried and was flaky fresh. Their blend of chilis/herbs/spices blend were Unreal!!!! All on top of their pan fried flat noodles! By now you should know how I feel about their flat noodles! I ordered this at a 5/10 thinking it wouldn't be too much heat but it was blazing! Next time I would order this at a 3 but it was So Magically Delicious,  it didn't matter!!\n\nThai Iced Tea:\n\n- Great way to subside the heat from the food! Had a stronger flavor than usual.\n\nCoconut Ice Cream:\n\n- Very Fresh Islandy Flavor! If you have room for it, Try It!\n\nAfter having Homemade Thai food and Several Thai restaurants, I think its safe to for me to consider this place the Mecca of Thai Food!  The drunken noodle halibut  revolutionized the way I view Thai Cuisine. My experience here was Insanely Satisfying I wanted to give my waiter a Hug!!!!!!", "Still very good after all these years.  My complaints are the waiting area still sucks, the service is just adequate and the hours for a Vegas off the beaten path joint are horrible.  \n\nAll good though.  Tom Yum Goong is still one of the best.", "The Best Thai in Vegas!  I like the drunken noodle with sea bass, beef salad, garlic prawns, any of the curries, and mango sticky rice with coconut ice cream.", "The dumplings here were delicious as was the duck and the satay.   I had expected the Pad Thai to be the same, lumpy rice noodle Pad Thai found at most Thai restaurants, but they elevated this dish several notches above your average place.  Wasn't sure what to expect when we turned up at the strip mall where this place is located, but it's well worth the trip.  Customer service was a plus: I jokingly mentioned something about being compensated for the inconvenience of being uprooted from our original table and was, in fact, served a Thai Ice Tea on the house.  I hadn't really expected or wanted anything, but they certainly made a point that customer service was on their mind.  I will visit again.", "They have the BEST Orange Chicken you've ever tasted!!! I know its not a Chinese Restaurant, but it doesn't matter... This is a MUST visit restaurant the next time you're in Vegas!", "This food at this restaurant definitely lived up to it's award winning reputation.  The fried sea bass over drunken noodles is an amazingly good dish.  The tom yum soup was very flavorful with a nice hint of fried garlic, but even at a spiciness level of 3 out of 10 it had tiny pieces of chopped up peppers that were very spicy if you bit into them.  The fried crispy rice with sausage had such interesting textures and flavors that I never had before, but I really loved it the more I ate it.  However, we didn't have a reservation, and the wait time they quotes us was 30 minutes, but we ended up waiting over an hour to get seated.  People around us consistently had to double the wait time quoted to them by the hostess, and even people who came in with reservations often had to wait 15 minutes.", "This is good Thai food, but a little overpriced if you ask me.\n\n I asked one of my Thai friends who's also a chef on the strip what he thought of Lotus of Siam, he said, \"Well... I'd eat it.\" he went on to say Archi's is much more authentic, well priced, and better overall. \n\nI think I'll try Archi's next time I'm hungry for Thai food.", "This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the states...and a nice escape from the Strip.  Last night I ordered the crispy duck with panang...level 10 spice.  If you're like me, you love the heat.  A word to the wise...most Thai places somehow think Americans can't handle it so even a level 10 isn't a level 10.  Lotus of Siam is an exception.  Be very cautious with level 10...even if you order curry.  My stomach is still on fire...they are very liberal with REAL Thai chilis that are fresh and smokin' hot.  This place has a good mix of tourists and locals so you know it's good.  On your next trip to Vegas, make sure you give it a try.", "This is one of my favorite lunch buffet places. Although, you don't get a hugh selection of food.... I love, love, love their pad thai, fried chicken wings, banana egg roll, sweet potato dumplings are SOOO GOOD!  There's a sweet white dressing that I dip the chicken in to get the sweet and salty fix. So yummy!  \n\nGood service.  It's better now now that they have expanded. I always over do it here.  I guess why that's why we have gyms.", "This is the best Thai restaurant I have to been to. \n\nDidn't expect the food here to be this amazing. It's located in a run down lot a little outside of the strip. Once you get inside the restaurant you see all tons of wine's behind a glass. A big restaurant clean inside that looks nothing like the horrible outside. Service is really attentive and makes sure your table is always clean. \n\nThe food here was superb. Next time I come here I'm only ordering the specialty dishes. The typical dishes are great but they have such an awesome menu that every dish we got blew my mind. The tom yum kai soup is delicious and you can't go wrong with that. The pad thai they use thin noodles which made me like it even more! The sea bass drunken noodles was crack. The fish itself was so tender it was like butter. The green curry was another highligh that felt like eating coconut butter on top of rice. I couldn't get enough of it. The raw beef tar tar was light and fresh. The fried rice was good but probably the least memorable of the dishes. Next time I come here I'm getting the deep fried prawns. If you visit Vegas make sure to stop by this place. You will not be disappointed.\n\nRecommendation: Sea Bass Drunken Noodles, Pad Thai, and Green Curry", "This place is a great little secret Thai restaurant in town. It's frequented by local and visiting celebrities. Also helps that it was also featured in February 2011 Travel & Leisure magazine as one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas.", "This place is great!  My husband is a sommelier and was like a kid in a candy shop with the wine list.  He was so impressed!  Bang helped him out and picked out a couple great wines.  The red curry is probably the best red curry that I have ever had.  The appetizers; chicken sa-tay, garlic and pepper chicken wings, won tons and egg rolls (best egg rolls also, finally a place that has traditional egg rolls), were extraordinary!  We also had sweet and sour pork and Prik king.  Both were okay but still good.  My suggestion is to get tons of appetizers and order tons of red curry!  Make a reservation because they are always busy and I mean always busy!  The service for an asian restaurant is great, we weren't sitting there waiting for anything and they were all very nice and attentive to our needs.  They have expanded so they are able to accommodate large parties and they have a small bar.  It's worth the taxi ride over!", "This place is not in the best area, but the food is worth the trip. \n\nWe will usually order:\n\nTHE LOBSTER (comes out to about 7lbs)\nGarlic Prawns\nBeef Salad\nPad Thai\nCrab Fried Rice\nSatay \nTom Yum Koon\nand can forget the Sticky rice, fried bananas, coconut ice cream and mango slices (seasonal) \n\nDef worth a trip away from the strip! \n\nCompared to all the crappy white table cloth joints inside of these hotels this is a place where you will return. \n\nPS There wine selection is comparable to most of the high end restaurants in these hotels.", "This was my first visit to this magical land known as Lotus of Siam. I only had the lunch buffet which was above average in flavor and variety. Here's the run down. \n\nYellow curry chicken- Delicious flavor, but not enough chicken. HUGE chunks of potatoes. Tasty enough to have thirds(shhhh) \n\nOrange chicken- Tasty enough to have seconds \n\nTeriyaki chicken wings- OMG these were good. \n\nChow mein and egg rolls- Nothing to write home about \n\nFried Banana Rolls- HOLY SHIT these things made me forget my name for a minute. I got lost in their warm, soft bananas with crunchy outside. You don't even want to know how many I ate. \n\nOverall I over ate and over drank with three Thai Iced Teas, but who's counting calories at this place? I am hoping to go back very soon and try something with beef or pork in it. Lotus of Siam is definitely deserving of a second date.", "Tucked away in a strip mall just north of The Strip, LoS is worth the escape.  Best Thai food ever.  H-light: Anything crispy or curry in the description. Dumplings and duck come to mind.", "WOW. This place which is located in the middle of a huge strip mall took my breath away. The minute my friend and I walked in to the restaurant after a long day of walking on Las Vegas Blvd, were surprised to see how big this place was inside. It was about 5:30 in the evening and half the tables were already taken. By the time we finished our dinner, an hour later, the restaurant was full. \n\nInside, there is a room with a huge selection of wines. The two seating areas were nicely done, typical to most Thai restaurants. The menu had good selection of authentic Thai food and French/American wine. The fried rice that I ordered with basil, tofu and vegetables was done right. The flavors were adequate and of good taste. Fried rolls for appetizer were standard fare but not too fried which is good. Just the right amount of crisp. The frozen banana dessert tasted good just like at most Thai restaurants. \n\nLotus of Siam is a local Yelp favorite and as you can see from the other reviews, its averages a little over 4 stars. Great place with great food and service.", "We had to talk our way in at closing time, and we're glad we did.  As a large group eating family style, we had the chance to try a solid cross section of the menu.  All dishes were excellent, especially the panang curry.  The extensive wine list is a bonus, and the server's recommendation of German riesling was spot-on.  Be a bit careful with the spices - their \"medium\" is anyone else's \"ultra-hot\".  So nice to find a hyped restaurant that lives up to the hype.", "We love this place.  We normally go their at least once every other month.  The food is always good and they easily handle special requests.  My only negative comment is we are always getting approached by beggars as we leave the restaurant.", "Went to Las Vegas for a hockey tournament and a team mate said this was the best Thai food he has ever had. Never had Thai food before this but I can't wait to eat it again. The food was amazing having tried 4 different orders. We got the Seafood soup, Issan Sausage, Yellow Currey with Chicken, and Combination Fried Rice. All of that was delicious and the Seafood Soup had a great spice to it that I was not expecting at first. Be careful if you aren't used to spicy foods though as what you may called mild and order mild could possibly be too spicy for you which is what I saw happen to a friend. The waitress was nice enough to get him a drink for free to help get rid of the spiciness.\n\nIf you plan on going make a reservation 2-3 days before to be safe. We had a group of 15 people and tried to make a reservation the day of which was a bad idea, but luckily we put our name down and gave them our phone number and they called us after about an hour to tell us our table was ready.\n\nIf you visit Vegas there is no reason to not go to this place, by far some of the best food I have ever had.", "Wow.\n\nBest pad see-ew we've ever had in our life.  Life changing good.\n\nEn-tuan soup (real tasty soup)\n\nNam kao tod - recommended by the waiter (only 2-stars;  way too salty)\n\nBeef rama - 4 stars for the meat, peanut sauce only 2-stars but the meat was good (i've had much better peanut sauce at many other thai restaurants)\n\nGreat friendly service.  Extremely large restaurant.  Lots of space between tables so you don't feel cramped.  Without asking they modified the en-tuan soup when we said it was for a toddler.\n\nLot of sketchy characters in the parking lot.\n\nCan't wait to come back.", "Yes, it lives up to the hype. When you look at this place from the outside you might not be impressed, but when you look at the menu and try their food then you'll be a believer. Not only is this authentic Thai food, their selection is immense. Being my first time here I had a hard time deciding what to order, but going by other Yelper's reviews, I ordered:\n\n- Nam Kao Tod (Appetizer): Selected 4 out of the 10 spiciness levels, seemed to be about right for me, but be wary, I saw some other tables sweating and downing drinks when they got too much spice.\n- Tom Kah Kai (Soup): Delicious, it has coconut milk on it which gives it a unique flavor, definitely worth a try.\n- Drunken Noodle Chicken & Pork Pad Se-Ew (Entrees): The noodles in both of this, out of this world. I personally likeD the Pork Pad Se-Ew better but they were both really good.\n- Nam Prik Ong (Red chilli dip): Never had it before, interesting to try, but wouldn't put it on top of my list.\n- Coconut ice cream with fried banana: I was so full I wasn't going to get dessert but other people were recommending it. It's definitely tasty, but I would rather save space for trying more dishes.\n\nAll in all, the food was absolutely amazing and this is what this place is all about. Kudos for them. Don't miss this place if you're ever in Vegas, it is quite the gastronomic tour-de-force.", "epic thai madness\n\nWins: deep fried whole lobster, green curry, riesling. \nFails: none"]
[2011, "season2"]	["#8 Prawn in a blanket (4 stars, nothing too special but tasty)\n#105 Pad See Ew (5 stars, best I've ever had)\n#121 Chicken Spicy Fried Rice (3 stars, tasty but wouldn't order again)\n#130 Green Curry (3 stars, tasty but would want to try other dishes)\n\nLobster (Garlic Pepper Sauce) (5 stars, like R&G lounge crab (san francisco, delicious wow, must order)\nGarlic Prawn (5 stars, another must order)\nSea Bass On Drunken Noodle (4 stars, but wouldn't order again, just personal taste)", "3.5 stars\n\nLotus of Siam has probably become one of the most famous Thai restaurants in the country, if not the most. Not too long ago, it was one of those hidden finds off the touristy Las Vegas Strip. Thanks to rave reviews from people across the country, as well as attention from the James Beard Foundation, the restaurant is squarely on everyone's radar.\n\nGARLIC BLACK PEPPER CHICKEN WINGS - These were very crunchy and probably a bit overcooked. Surprisingly, I also found them rather bland. I'm curious if perhaps we received the wrong order, as there wasn't really any noticeable black pepper.\n\nSTUFFED CHICKEN WINGS - These wings were better, stuffed with some pork. Really meaty with a nice, light crunch to them. These weren't as moist as I thought they could've been though.\n\nTOM KAH KAI (Bangkok Style) - I'm actually not at all familiar with this soup, but it was popular on Yelp. It didn't look like the most appetizing thing, but it was pretty good. There was a little bit of heat here, balanced by some lime juice and the coconut milk. Kind of reminiscent of a Chinese hot & sour soup. Kind of.\n\nCOMBINATION BEEF NOODLE SOUP - My mother was craving some soup noodles, however this was a little too spicy for her. It had a lingering spice that seemed to compound.  The broth had a lot of beefy depth, and I really liked the noodles here. Comforting.\n\nSEA BASS DRUNKEN NOODLES - Wonderful dish. The sea bass was excellent. Lightly fried, the fish was moist and flavorful with just a little bit of crispiness. The noodles were very good as well, with some heat from the chili and a nice herbal sweetness from the basil.\n\nI don't know a whole lot about Thai food so it's hard for me to really draw comparisons. I found this to be a pretty good meal, with the drunken noodles and sea bass to be a big highlight.", "@FoodieBear and @katfishkh did me a solid by recommending this place after seeing me check-in on @Yelp at another Thai place (Archi's, decent in their own right).\n\nI have driven past this sorry looking, God-forsaken strip mall a few times over my many trips to Las Vegas and never once thought about stopping in.  As you drive by on Sahara it looks like sketch all the way.  Major sketch.  With graffiti on top.  From the back.  You see the back of the strip mall.  Not sketch from the back, that's gross.\n\nWhen you turn in it's not much better - people of Vegas, would you please patronize these poor businesses up in here?!\n\nBut once you enter Lotus of Siam you feel like a sprightly lotus blossom yourself.\n\nWell, you feel like you're on to something good.  And you are.\n\nI had the lunch buffet and it was very good.\n\nI'll be back to try the regular menu.\n\nAnd Thai hot.\n\nFire.", "A must stop for any Thai lovers.  This little gem hidden away off the strip is phenomenal. The food, wine and service were top notch.  Don't let the outside restuarant photo deceive you. You will definitely be impressed.", "Amazing! I heard about this spot from a friend a LONG time ago and this past weekend I decided to finally check it out! It did not disappoint AT ALL! Service was impeccable, the place was beautiful and easily accessible, and the food was delicious! I am a huge fan of beef panang and so that's what I ordered, along with the bbq beef salad. I also ordered some Larb and some pad thai. The pad thai was definitely the best i have EVER had! The panang was great, definitely the best I've had in Vegas. They have a friggin WINE WALL! The only problem is that the portions are pretty small, compared to what I am used to here in LA! Otherwise, all kinds of amazingness. Definitely going back!", "Best Thai I've ever had... by leaps and bounds. Incredible depth of flavor, great service as well. A FOODIES' MUST!", "Best Thai food I've ever had. Try the Northern Thai menu...it's very different from typical Thai fare. \n\nGreat Service. Convenient Location, even if you need to take a cab. \n\nDefinitely worth going.", "Best Thai food in North America, eh?  That's a tremendous reputation to live up to and unfortunately I think Lotus of Siam falls just a bit short.  I prefer the Thai Food in Los Angeles just a bit more.  However, Lotus IS pretty damn good and a must try during your next trip to Vegas.\n\nThey offer a lunch buffet, but I think you have to order off the menu if you want the good stuff.  The Chef Specials are a little pricy but are also what make Lotus so special.  I highly recommend the:\n\n-GARLIC PRAWNS ($21.95)\nMore of an appetizer, but these whole prawns are fried until crispy and have great garlicky salty flavor.  You can eat the shell!\n\n-KHAO SOI SHORT RIBS (19.95)\nVery tender short ribs served over noodles in a very addictive Panang (I think it's Panang) sauce.  The sauce tastes amazing over rice as well.\n\n-DRUNKEN NOODLES with CRIPSY DUCK (21.95).\nMy friends thought the duck was a little too spicy, but I thought it was very good.  The crispy skin reminds me of Peking duck.  I wasn't that impressed by the noodles though.\n\nService was very friendly but also very slow, especially after we got our food.  We didn't see our waiter again until we had to flag him down to get our check.  It then took 10 minutes for him to get it and another 15 for us to pay.  In his defense though, the place was PACKED during lunchtime on a Saturday.", "Coming from NYC, I've had my fair share of Thai food throughout the years and while this place is above average in some aspects, I wouldn't say it is anywhere near hands down the best as it is really hit or miss depending on what dishes you order. For a restaurant to be considered the \"best\" for its cuisine, class, etc.--everything you order should be exceptional or at least above average.\n\nThat being said, the drunken seafood noodle was definitely a hit. Absolutely delicious. I love spicy food so I got it at an 8 on their 1 - 10 spicy scale and it was perfect for me! Although an 8 would probably be way too spicy for most...if you eat spicy food reguarly, a 5 or 6 would probably be good enough. If you eat American-ized \"spicy,\" go for 2 - 3.\n\nWe also ordered the Pad Thai, Tom Yum Noodle Soup, and Red Curry to share. Pad Thai was way below average, one of the worst / least flavorful renditions of this dish I've ever had. Tom Yum Noodle soup was well below average as well and again, one of the worst I've had of this dish. Red Curry was okay, nothing to rave or write home about but not horrible--not really my style so I rarely order this dish and can't really compare it to others I've tried.\n\nI guess I'm spoiled by the countless amazingly delish, authentic, AND affordable Thai restaurants that line the streets of Manhattan and Queens in my hometown of NYC but I just don't understand all the hype about this place. I would say its worth stopping by just to say you did. Also, it may be worth coming back just for the drunken seafood noodle dish. \n\nEverything, other than the drunken noodle dish, is just okay at best if you're a seasoned Thai food connoisseur or even just a seasoned foodie. To me, it seems like one of those places that perhaps once was great but let the hype get to their heads. Now, all the raving reviews are from tourists who just like to hype it up for the fact that they can say they dined where all the celebrities (whose photographs line the wall) had dined.\n\nThe Short Version:\n5 stars for Drunken Seafood Noodle\n1 star for pad thai and tom yum noodle\n3 stars for red curry\n3 stars for the long wait for a table despite there being so many empty tables open (try to call ahead and make a reservation if possible)", "Consistently praised by food critics and locals, Lotus of Siam is a place that has become a destination restaurant for foodies throughout the world....Congrats Chef Khun Saipin Chutima on winning the James Beard Award for best chef Southwest 2011. A mom and pop restaurant indeed, not!!!", "Driving up you'll wonder if you need a bulletproof vest. I took some colleagues here and one of them ordered a variety of appetizers and entrees for all 7. It was fantastic. Very tasty and fun. Try the chai tea. Yum.", "Everything was flipping amazing, the egg roll, the thai chicken wings, the druken noodle which when i asked for it, was hotter than the sun. love this place", "Fav Thai joint period. Fair prices, friendly, fresh food n damn tasty. Luv green curry n northern pork noodle soup. Sticky rice and nam tod are great too. Sausage avg.", "First off fair warning, this place is located in the shadiest part of Vegas. The address is not really posted. We actually drove right past it. \n\nMy girlfriend found out about this place after watching Food Network's \" Best thing I've ever ate, Las Vegas 2011.\" Man am I thankful she Tivo'd that episode. We ordered the Chicken Pad Thai, Green Chicken Curry, this pasty pork dip surrounded by vegetables. There was a lot of people in this restaurant and surprisingly the waiters were very attentive.\n\nOur meal was just perfect. These are the types of restaurants I hate reviewing because they are so good. Trust me the ten minute drive off the strip is well worth it. You will not find a meal for this price anywhere on the strip. Everything here was just excellent.", "Foodies say this is the best Thai restaurant in the US. This place has an overwhelming number of complimentary reviews so I won't over do it on this review. I will mention two things we ordered .....The crispy rice appetizer, Nam Kao Tod is amazeballs! This is not a typical fried rice that you find in any Asian restaurant, this is actually deep fried rice with a spicy, tangy and utterly delicious texture and flavor. I've never had anything like it. We also ordered (amongst a bunch of other superb dishes) the Drunken Noodle with Crispy Sea Bass. The fish was melt in your mouth, the flavors.....drool! This food paired with some sick German Rieslings made for the best 30th birthday dinner a girl could ask for. Way better than paying out the nose for a uppity dinner at a famous chef's restaurant on the strip. If your in Vegas and appreciate ethnic food, don't miss this place!", "For a Thai restaurant that's somewhat small, located somewhat in the less nicer part of LV, I'm quite surprised and amazed about the accolades this place has received. It might be difficult and often times challenging to get into the restaurant because there's usually a wait, and people shuffling to get in or get out. \n\nWhen you finally get to be inside, (assuming that you might have to wait outside of the restaurant for a bit) and get a chance to see all the pictures of the celebrities that came into the restaurant, you can't help but wonder how the heck Lotus of Siam got the chance to entertain the celebrities they had the opportunity to cook for. This place is somewhat a hole in the wall, and you would think that celebrities would confine themselves to big name restaurants where exclusively rich and powerful dine. Apparently not at Lotus of Siam; all sorts of people (rich, not so rich, big, small, tourists, locals, etc. etc.) come here to enjoy awesome Thai cuisine. \n\nThey have a nice menu that covers all the traditional Thai dishes (pan fried noodles, salads, curries, soups, desserts) + specific specialties that I haven't found at any other Thai restaurant. If you're into hot and spicy, I would suggest taking an antacid before hand cuz their food can get crazy spicy where you'd probably be soaking in your clothes once you're done with your meal. \n\nI can't tell you a specific dish that stood out because honestly, they're ALL good. Everything is superb in flavor, freshness, overall quality. What did stand out was their prices and quantity. Lotus of Siam is a tad bit more expensive and you get a bit less of food than at other Thai food places. I have confidence that anything you purchase would be a great pick.\n\nAlso, while it appears that Lotus of Siam boasts to claim they have an amazing wine selection, I can't voucher for this as I never had the chance to purchase one of their wines there. Just FYI though, in terms of whether or not you're wondering what beverages they pride themselves over...\n\nI'm wavering between a 3/4 starts on this one...Definitely a great Thai food restaurant. Wouldn't say it's the best, but it sure is up there in Thai food places I'd dine in and come to again when I'm in the area.", "Freakin' loved this place!!!!  Ok so I came here with a local....as we pulled into the parking lot, I was kinda sketched out.  My friend was telling us about the \"Green Door\" which was located in the same strip mall.  Well I don't want to gross you out so you can look up the \"Green Door\" for yourself.  LOL.  Anyways, my friend was telling me that this place is a little hidden gem.  Boy was she right!  We came on a Friday night and there were lots of people which was a good sign!  We started off with dumplings and beef nom tuk.  Both were excellent and full of flavor!  For my main dish, I settled with the Pad See Eww and it was amongst the best I've ever had.  I'd definitely come back here the next time i come back to Vegas.   Don't let the sketch strip mall scare you cause the food is excellent.", "Great Thai and a 72 page wine list, some of the best food in Vegas!", "Hands down the best Thai food I have EVER had to date and I was in a seedy strip mall 2 miles off the Strip in Las Vegas. How that computes? I still don't know, but I don't think I've had better and I live in Southern California, home to some really good Thai places.\n\nDon't let the shady exterior plaza fool you - the inside is nice and when your group is the only Asian table at a Thai restaurant than it has to be good. I'd suggest making a reservation if possible because if you don't, your poor stomach will suffer the same torturous 45 minute wait that I had. \n\nNotable dishes:\n-Pad Thai\n-Drunken Seafood Noodles\n-Green Curry\n-Mango Sticky Rice", "Having lived in Thailand, I'm picky about the food. This place certainly earns five stars. Get the papaya salad and duck curry. And stay away from the other establishments in the strip mall. Ew.", "I actually have eaten here three times now.  Friends of mine that live in vegas took me to eat here, and I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys thai food.  The prawns, chicken wings, fried catfish are delicious, and this is probably one of the best places I've eaten at for Thai food in the states.  They get extra points for making it tasty spicy.  They recently bought the next door lot and made their restaurant bigger, so previously painfjul waits are much better.", "I am sorry Lotus, I have dined with you probably more than 30 times in the past 2 years and sincerely apologize for overlooking one of the finest dining experiences in Las Vegas.\n\nYou like Thai!\n\nYou will love everything about L of S!!!\n\nGo, go now!", "I don't get it.\nAverage food at best.  Insanely large menu and confusing,\n\nI am not sure where all of the five star reviews come from.  \n\nWe introduced ourselves to the hostess/waitress for a party of two and we were told thirty minutes.  That's ok, I understand, but after waiting in the tiny lobby in the way off all incoming and outgoing traffic we were seated.  While walking to our table i noticed a large bar area that we could have enjoyed a drink while waiting.  She never mentioned it to us and we could not see it from where we were waiting.\n\nThe first turn off was the size of the menu. (over 100 items) Any time I see menus with multiple pages I know there is no way any kitchen can keep that many items in house, fresh and cooked properly.\n\nWe ordered fried won tons and tom kha gai soup for starters.  The won tons were nice but the soup was thin, broken and separated oil lie on the surface.  not sure if it were overheated or on a steam table too long???\n\nOur entrees were pineapple duck curry and seared scallops.  After 10 minutes the waiter (nice guy) informed me the kitchen was out of scallops.  I ordered red curry as a substitute. Both dishes were ok,  nothing memorable but hot and served with steamed rice.  I have no negatives about the entrees but considering all of the reviews i was hoping for WOW.  \n\nto sum up the negatives; \nhostess process\nbuss tubs being used at the tables\nbuss carts and dirty dishes line the tight hallway to the restrooms.\npan handlers in the parking lot.\n\nAll together I would try it again, maybe for lunch, but if it is a repeat of our dinner i do not see a reason to go back.  There are a lot of Thai restaurants without all the hype and with equal or better food", "I don't know what the hype is all about but this is not authentic Thai food.  Is the food good?  Most of the time yes (depends on the dish) but it's not authentic Thai.", "I have to start by saying this is the best Thai food I have ever had.\nMy girl and I get there and we end up having to wait about 30 minutes since it was so packed (rightfully so) we did not mind as we were enjoying watching all the different foods come out of the kitchen and enjoying the accompanying smells.\n\nWe were seated and we started with the chicken satay, which came out with a nice peanut sauce and a small cooling cucumber salad. All together, they were quite enjoyable and it is the best peanut sauce I have personally had.\n\nWe next ordered the Charbroiled prawn with tamarind sauce, which also came with fresh chili garlic and lime sauce (which was ZOMG hot since I was not expecting it and coated my prawn rather well in it). The tamarind sauce I could not make out the tamarind taste it tasted more like maple syrup, which I know they added to help sweetened the sourness of the tamarind.\n\nWe next had the Pad Thai. I have never been too much a fan of this dish, but this was very good and I would have to say the best version of it I have ever had. It is rich in flavor, nice and thick and very tasty.\nWe next had the Chili Mussels with a chili, garlic, Thai basil sauce over the large half shell mussels. I really liked these; they were not too spicy and had a great fresh flavor.\n\nWe finished off the meal with a mango and sticky rice dessert; it was just fresh mango slices with sticky rice on the side. The Mango was very fresh and perfectly ripe and sweet. (So Nommy Good)\n\nMy girl had a nice glass of white wine with the meal, I was surprised to see the sheer amount of wines they have here in their wine storage area.\n\nThe service was fast and friendly and we were never left wanting for a refill on our drinks or them checking to see if everything was to our liking.\n\nI can see why Chef Saipin Chutima has such great reviews and guest pictures all over the walls here. She has a great place with great food and reasonable prices for the level of culinary expertise here. I can also see why Gourmet Magazine called it the \"single best Thai restaurant in North America.\"\n\nI'm giving this place 5 stars and truly recommend you give it a try.", "I recently decided to stop eating the same things and start trying new stuff. New stuff including Thai. I have had Thai before so I am not a total neophyte. A friend and I decided to go out and had heard great reviews about Lotus of Siam. I Googled them, of course, to see what we were in for. I saw the words \"Extended Wine Selection\" and was immediately on board. The location is not the best in Vegas as the Commercial Center (yes, that is the actual name of the strip mall) has seen better days. Parking was plentiful and the restaurant was easy to find. Walking in, it seemed a little small until we entered the main dining room saddled by a giant wine cellar. The decor looked better suited for a mid 1990's country club, and was sort of all over the place, but not kitschy or themed which I appreciated. \n   The moment we were sat, waiters sort of came out of nowhere to bring us plates, water and cutlery. Extended wine selection is an understatement. The wine menu is larger than the food menu. I chose a cabernet on the lower end of the price scale as I am no Rockefeller and was pleased with it. Most impressive was the two wines that were ordered came in the appropriate glasses. One red and one white. (This is rare). \n   Once ordered, the food was brought to us very quickly. I ordered the Seafood Fried Rice and my friend ordered the Mint and Green Chili Beef (spiced at a level 9 out of 10). I was surprised at the serving size we were given for an entree priced just north of $10. I was full at the end of the meal with no appetizers or desserts. (Also rare). My friend, being more of a Thai food junkie than myself was satisfied that \"this place wasn't messing around\" when it came to spice. Apparently, many restaurants fall short in this department. The seafood tasted wonderful in the fried rice and included shrimp, crab, calamari and scallops. \n   The noise level was average, I didn't feel like everyone could hear our conversation, and try as I might, I couldn't eavesdrop on anyone else. The overall feel of the restaurant was unpretentious, relaxed and the service was consistent, yet unobtrusive. Toward the end of our meal, we were elated when the current Mayor of Las Vegas and his wife, the Mayor-Elect, were seated next to us and seemed to receive the exact same service level as everyone else. \n    Overall, I was pleased and will be returning many times in the future. A lot of reviews are right on the money when they say this is a hidden gem in the heart of Las Vegas.", "I thought it was good, but for all the reviews here, it was not extraordinary.  I liked the Northern Thai dishes, and I enjoyed the meal, but what with the renaissance of Thai food in the Tenderloin, this was a pricey choice for a meal that usually is pretty terrific in San Francisco at a much lower cost.  (If you are looking for non-casino, go with Raku.)", "I was impressed by all the awards and clips of magazine about the place that are hanged on the wall. It was very crowded on a Thursday night that we have to wait for more than 1/2 hr. And the restaurant was so noisy that night with all the tables filled up. \n\nThere foods sure was delicious!!!! Certainly is the best Thai I have tasted so far. They do live up to their popularity. The crab fried rice was the best!! Also try the fried catfish salad, although the salad could use more veges. Their thai coffee is also very tasty. \n\nFor those wine lovers - they have a huge selection of wine available.\n\nDrawback - High price for small portion. We were expecting a family dinner portion, but the dish was just enough for one person. If you're hungry, order extra!!", "I went here based on a recommendation from a friend and thought this place was okay. Not in the best location, but surprisingly nice inside.\n\nDefinitely satisfied my Thai craving.\n\nI won't be back because I still prefer Archie's (the older one) my favorite thai joint in Vegas.  .", "I'm a frequent Las Vegas visitor that it's my home away from home.  I can't believe that I didn't try this place long before!  I've only heard good reviews about the food from my friends who have tried it already so I was dying to try myself.\n\nSo the moment that I got to go to this place, I was ecstatic!  Unfortunately, my last visit was during lent and I have given up meat so I wasn't able to try some of the dishes that our party ordered.  But everything smelled wonderful and all the seafood and veggie dishes that I was able to eat were delicious!\n\nI plan on going back again and again to try other dishes.  My next visit will be after lent so I can't wait to head back!\n\nNo lie, this place is legit.", "If there were 6 stars I'd give it 6.\n\nWhen you pull up to Lotus of Siam, from the outside it looks like it's in the wrong place.  The surrounding strip mall looks a bit run down and Lotus is very humble looking.\n\nBut once you get inside and see the Wine Spectator Grand awards on the wall along with the wine selection you'll quickly get it.  Some people say this is the best Thai food in the U.S.  I haven't eaten at enough Thai restaurants to verify that fact, but it's the best one I've ever eaten at.\n\nStellar wine list, reasonable prices and fast, friendly service only compliment the food.  This is a must for anyone visiting Vegas.  No, really!  It's a must, double stamped it, no erasies.", "It was my first time coming here yesterday. We had a party of 9 total and my Thai friend was doing the ordering and interaction with our waiter. We just simply picked dishes and did it family-style. We tried a bunch of things and I wouldn't say I dislike any of them, but I especially loved the Crispy Duck and the Mango on the mango sticky rice. I actually really like sticky rice, but I didn't like the sticky rice here.\n\nThe portions are small, but the prices are a bit higher up. The quality is good though so I guess you can say it offsets it. If you want to eat a lot and cheap, this wouldn't be the place for you. Go another day.\n\nHaving said all that, I'd come back here when I wanted Thai food as this place is really good and it was really packed. The area it's in would NOT be somewhere I'd normally go to and the place is a lot bigger than you think it is (looks small outside and it's a hole in the wall kind of place).\n\nSince I didn't do the ordering we had a bunch of other dishes that my friends liked, but I wouldn't know the name. I just particularly liked the crispy duck that night, hehe :0D.\n\nOH! Also. Service was great. Although I did not interact with any of the servers and our waiter, they were great at refilling waters and when we asked for more rice, they got it pretty quickly. A!! And we also didn't get charged 18% gratuity for having a party over 6 (maybe they forgot or they were being nice cause of my friend). But we tipped 18%.", "It's all about #116!  Trust me!  The service, the flavor, the ambience - NEVER BETTER!  THIS IS A MUST DINE IN VEGAS!", "Long overdue review, as I've eaten here probably 10 times over the past few years.\n\nThey've remodeled and can now fit many more happy patrons inside. The menu is the same but the portions are *slightly* smaller. Still amazing though and I'll go back every visit to Las Vegas that I can. \n\nMy favorite is the Green Coconut Curry, Pineapple fried rice and the Mango Sticky Rice. The last visit back in January, 2011, I brought a well-traveled friend with me and he could not get enough of the flavorful delights I ordered.\n\nHis first question the next morning (at 10am) to me was: \"What time does the Thai place open?\"\n\nAhhh, can't wait for my next trip to Sin City for your sinfully good food!", "Looking for Thai food in Vegas? Go to this place. Casual atmosphere but the food... excellent! My family and I ordered KOONG SARONG ( Prawn in a blanket ), TOM YUM KUNG (Hot and sour with shrimp, lime juice, lemon grass & straw mushroom), NUA NAM TOK (Sliced charbroiled beef mixed with green onion, chili, lime juice & rice powder), SEA BASS SOM THUM (Sea Bass with Thai Papaya Salad), CRISPY DUCK with CHILI MINT LEAVES (Crispy duck topped with homemade fresh chili and Thai basil), YELLOW CURRY-The mildest among all Thai curries made from curry powder, turmeric and spice with coconut cream, potato and carrot, chicken, and PAD SW-EW (Stir-fried flat rice noodle with egg and Chinese broccoli with black soy sauce). They were all excellent. I was in Thai food heaven :o)", "Lots and lots of accolades over the years.  Have been here many many times and stopped by the other day and figured a review is warranted.  It's okay.  What can I say.  The place closes so early, has a wait in a hallway that fits three people and there's a wait and they use so much butter that the flavors of traditional Thai are lost.  \n\nI like it.  Nice curry.  Tom Yung is good.  The wine list is relative to the cuisine and good.  But it is what it is.  A casual, fair-priced Thai bistro. \n\nI hear tourists caught up in the myth of Zagat saying it is the best restaurant in Vegas.  That's just plain foolhardy.  If this place was open late night it would be better but Chinatown is no further and the selections are better.  \n\nNo knocks.  Just not going to get silly over the place.", "Lotus of Siam definitely lives up to it's reputation. I love Thai food and I've been to several Thai restaurants around the country and this is easily the best Thai food I've ever had. Not only is the food here amazing but the prices are very reasonable. \n\nMy dad and I both had an amazing meal here. We ordered the Nam Ko Tod to start and it was a great start to the meal. It was a great play on sour, salty, spicy, and crunchy texture. Next I ordered the Khao Soi and my dad ordered the Soft Shell Crab Drunken Noodles. Both were phenomenal dishes. We also shared a side of the spicy pork fried rice, which couldn't have been any better. And last but not least we shared the sticky rice with mango and coconut ice cream. This is a must have and was one of the best deserts I've had in a while. It was the perfect way to end the meal, it's very refreshing and not too heavy and not too sweet, a great way to cool down your mouth after a spicy meal.", "Lotus of Siam how we heard so many things about you... \n\nWe've heard many good things about this place that we had to try and also first time here..  Even at 9:30pm on Friday we had to wait a little and they close at 10!   Have I tried any other Thai place in Las Vegas?  No...  Is there a reason to?  Maybe not anymore...\n\nThe place is located in Winchester and what looks to be a shady location.  When we first walked in, we thought it was small a little hole in a wall place, until we were seated inside.  The inside is nice with a big wine wall rack glass display.  Shows you how un\"hole in a wall\" it really is.\n\nSo we tried the Coconut Milk Soup, Pad-See-Ew, House Fried Rice, and the Yellow Curry.  The dishes were good and we had no complaints with the food.  They also operate on a 1-10 spice scale, so you can spice to your liking...\n\nThe service is decent, maybe just a tad slow, but not like a turtle.", "Lotus of Siam is the real deal. I momentarily though I was back in Thailand, then realized the beer was to cold for that to be possible.  When it comes to authentic Thai food this is it.  I truly believe if I had let the beer sit out for about 15-20 minutes I would have been fooled into yelling for a tuk-tuk to take me to PatPong.  \n\nGET : Nam-Prik-Noom , Drunken Noodle, Duck\n\nP.S.  Pay no heed to the Cali / Los Angeles Crowd reviews, If there was a place serving turds they surely wouldn't be as good as theirs.", "Made a reservation because of Yelp reviews.\n\nDrove into the crazy/odd parking lot and didn't drive out because of Yelp reviews.\n\nWent inside - sat down - ordered salad rolls......it just felt right. There were many regular customers who were warmly welcomed, families and out of \"towners\" it just felt good in there! You could tell there were plenty of foodies - long conversations with waiters - people asking for \"the best\" and \"you order for me, this is what I like....\"\n\nWe ordered:\nPrawns on Drunken Noodles - I am rarely at a loss for words - all I could say when asked was - \"I am so happy\". \n\nBeef dish with peanut sauce - also wonderful - though the previously mentioned was by far my favorite. \n\nThe service was as expected - prompt, tidy, nice but not overly solicitous. If you are looking for amazing waiters and ambiance go somewhere else. If you are looking for perfect - and I mean perfect food - please join in the feast - like many have said before - the place is so worth it.", "Now I understand that you may be tempted to abort mission when you see the area around Lotus of Siam, but that would be a huge mistake.  This place is amazing!  As far as Thai food goes, it has to be the best place I've ever tried.  I'm pretty sure the next step up requires a passport and a plane ticket to Bangkok.\n\nAtmosphere wise, this place has the feel of a small mom and pop shop that grew and grew and eventually expanded to the layout they have now.  You still get that intimate feel, but with ample seating for large parties.  \n\nWhen it comes to the food, you HAVE to start with the Nam Kao Tod, it's this crispy rice dish that is so unique and flavorful!  Next, you have to get some Tom Yum, which one exactly is up to you, but if you have at least 3 or 4 people, definitely get a hotpot, you'll being going back in for more!  After that, any combination of noodle, curry, bbq, rice, or northern dishes can't go wrong.  But if you're a seafood lover, get the garlic prawns!\n\nThey have an extensive wine list that you should take advantage of as well.  \n\nOne of the best aspects of this place is that they feature many items you cannot get at other local Thai restaurants, so DO try something new!", "Our lunch group of 16 visited 1 PM March 2011 w/1-2 days advance warning so tables would be ready. Those deciding on the buffet were sorely disappointed as pans were pretty empty, even Pad Thai noodles not refilled despite complaint to waiter and then mngr and there was little solid food in the pans which looked like mostly soup or sauce. I ordered a prepared to order beef dish. Tasty but only about 3 oz of beef for $16 and insuffient amt of food unless you love small Lean Cruisine size portions. Don't know what it is but the decor.. total LACK OF..in these places puts me off. May give it another try but I liked or 4-7-2011 visit to Namaste much better and it is only a couple doors down. This is an older seedy area at N end of Strip in Commercial Center. After overkill glitz-glamour on strip it may be the place suffers big time by comparison but I would say not updated since it opened. Also despite advance requests our waiter had a tough time giving us separate cks and the kitchen seemed unprepared to put out 10-18 individual orders. Will give it another chance but with so many really good restaurants it will be 2012.", "Really great food and an amazing wine selection. The only downside was location, which was in a questionable strip mall.", "Seriously? How have I never written a review for Lotus?\n\nThis is, without question, my absolute favorite restaurant in the world. If I'm ever on death row, this is my last meal. If I ever moved away from Vegas, Lotus is probably what i would miss the most. I have been eating there about twice a month for the five years I've been living in Vegas. On her third or fourth nomination, chef Saipin Chutima won the James Beard Award this year - but the secret has long been out about this amazing, otherworldly culinary experience 3/4 of a mile and worlds away from the Strip.\n\nAlmost everything I have ever eaten here is absolutely fantastic, and for spice junkies like myself it's a legitimate challenge. They operate on a 1-10 scale, but there's actually a spice level 15. I don't recommend it. But if you like some serious heat to your food, a 10 will kick your ass. The 15 is just unnecessary.\n\nAs for the dishes, almost all that I've ever had are fantastic. Here are my recommendations from the gargantuan, 150+ item menu:\n\n11. Garlic Pepper Chicken Wings. These are bursting with flavor from the fried garlic and the green onions that practically drip off the crispy wings. I'm not really much of a wing person but I can go to town on these.\n\n13. Nua Dad Deaw. This Issan style beef jerky is, in flavor and texture, completely different than any jerky you've ever had.\n\n14. Nam Kao Tod. The BEST DISH EVER, and I mean ever. I order this every single time I go. It's a sour sausage salad over crispy rice with a complex and vibrant flavor profile that includes the always distinct and recognizable tastes of green and red onions, peanuts, ginger, mint, cilantro, lime, basil and chili. Seriously, I've never seen this offered anywhere else and it's unlike any other food on earth. You've never seen so many flavors, colors and textures all in the same dish.\n\n55. Nua Nam Tok. Charbroiled beef on a flavorful and tangy mix of lime, rice powder and green onion.\n\n59. Koi Soy. This Issan style steak tartare is unbelievably good. The rice powder makes for an incredible texture contrast with the beef, and the lime and chili mix almost cooks the beef the way that the citric acid in a ceviche cooks the fish. This one gets really intense when you turn the spice level up on it.\n\n66. Issan Sausage. Let me tell you a little story about their Issan sausage, cured for weeks in-house with a mixture of pork, wine, garlic and spices. They ran out of it for a period of a few weeks a few summers back, and they were the longest weeks of my life. I craved it like a crack baby. It's a dry, sour sausage that's paired with ginger, peanuts, fresh chilis and red onions. This is probably about my 2nd most common entree order. Be sure to get some rice to mix it with, and wrap it up in a cabbage leaf. That's how it's eaten when served off street carts in Thailand.\n\n72. Mint and Green Chili. Heat of spice countered by cool mint. I daydream about this sometimes.\n\n79. Pepper Garlic Sauce. Emphasis on the garlic. Lots of green onions on this one too, that combination seems to work well.\n\n102. Pad Thai. I've never had a better version of this dish, which all too often tastes too much of tamarind. But this is a subtle blend of the dish's strong flavors. Never had better.\n\n107. Kai Koowah. Like a more flavorful, less salty chow fun.\n\n121. Spicy Fried Rice. I feel like a gringo because I order the spicy fried rice more than any other entree. But it is simply a flavorful delivery system for some of the most intensely flavorful but not overwhelming heat in the whole desert. (I always order this level 10 spicy. I don't F around.) The garlic, basil, and fresh chilis add a bolt of lightning to a savory bowl of fried rice. Again, the best of its kind.\n\nH. Nam Prik Noom. This green chili dip is the perfect choice for when you just want something light.\n\nThose are my go-tos on the Lotus menu, depending on my mood. There's a couple other things that need to be said about Lotus.\n\nThe wine list is mind-boggling and affordable. It's a special treat for lovers of German and Austrian Rieslings.\n\nThe lunch buffet should be skipped. If you get it, you're missing out on most of the things that make Lotus such a special dining destination. Although I would be lying if I said I had never had the lunch buffet and piled on plate after plate after plate of garlic chicken wings and the world's best pad thai. But I'm there twice a month or more, that's a luxury I have that most Lotus visitors don't.\n\nIf you only eat one meal in Vegas, make this it.", "Since I wont be back here for at least another year(unless by some fortunate stroke of luck) I figured I need to go ahead and write this review while its fresh on my mind.\n\nStarted off with a small bowl of Tom Ka Kai and a bottle of excellent Riesling.  I figured the Tom Ka Kai would be similar to the offerings in my home town given the simplicity of the ingredients, but LoS managed to even step that up....delicious.  For anyone who isn't familiar the soup consists of coconut milk, galanga, ginger, lime juice, chicken, mushrooms, fish sauce and a little black pepper.\n\nNext up was the only dish I had eaten on my one prior trip here,  the Garlic Prawns.  These were just as good as I remembered.  Salty, sweet, crunch with a strong garlic and black pepper kick.  Shrimp were impeccably fresh and clean tasting.  Don't be scared of the fact that the shrimp shells are included......they literally turn to delicious crackers.\n\nAfter eatings the prawns, which I already knew I loved, I actually expected to be let down my the following main courses, but I was pleasantly surprised.   We had our waiter, whose name I unfortunately can't remember(he was excellent), recommend us a signature dish and a noodle dish.  He recommended the Pad Se Eww for the noodles and Charbroiled Beef in a Young Peppercorn Sauce.  The former was excellent with perfectly cooked wide flat noodles, sweet/salty brown sauce and crunchy chinese broccoli.........but the Charbroiled beef was the thing of legends.  Beef cooked nicely medium with crunchy green beans and green bell pepper served with a savory brown sauce heavily flavored with the intensely vibrant and sharp taste of young peppercorns.  This makes for a unique and brilliant combination of flavors.\n\nI can't state whether this is, as reviewed, the \"best Thai restaurant in North America\", but I think I can safely assume they make a VERY strong case.\n\n**Note: Don't be scared to ask your server for recommendations.  Ordering \"tradition\" or plain jane Thai dishes here doesn't seem to be the way to go.", "So after dinner I had a huge discussion with my friend Angela who lives here in Vegas about this place.  I mean, this place has gotten crazy reviews from everyone about being the best Thai place not only in Vegas but also North America.  And I walked out of this place thinking it was good, but definitely not amazing.  And I went on a Friday night.  We were thinking that maybe I didn't get their best chef-but who doesn't use their best chef on a Friday night?\n\nWell, I went with 4 other friends and we ordered a lot of different types of food.  We started with Tom Kah Kai which is a traditional coconut chicken soup almost every Thai restaurant makes.  It's ok.  Not great.  I've definitely had better.  I was a little surprised.  And I got myself a Thai tea.  Same thing, wasn't great.  Have definitely had much better.\n\nWe then got a spicy salad.  I don't remember which one.  This I liked more but only because it was really, really spicy.  Spicy and salads is a rare mix and it worked out with this salad.  But most my friends couldn't handle the spice.  I could barely handle it myself to be honest.  \n\nWe got a pad thai noodle dish, a pineapple fried rice and a fried sea bass dish.  Maybe, we got some more things though honestly I don't remember the rest.  Really tells you something when I can't quite remember what we ordered.  It's simply because the food wasn't that remarkable.  The sea bass was crazy disappointing.  I though we were getting an entire sea bass and only got a small cut of it.  I almost flipped the table over when they served the sea bass especially as it was the most expensive dish we got. $30 for this one plate.  Crazy, absolutely do not order this.  Completely overpriced.  You go to any other authentic Asian restaurant you're getting a whole fish for that kind of price.  Actually, you're getting a whole fish for less than that price.\n\nSo overall I was not impressed with this place.  Did I get the wrong chef?  I don't know.  I doubt different chefs are going to give you different portions of the fish-this is for sure.  So I thought the food was good and I wouldn't tell people to avoid this place.  But at the same time I don't think I'd come back here unless I was going with someone who'd eaten here multiple times and knew exactly which dishes to order and which ones not to.", "So delicious! I had to take my dad there (who we consider to be the expert on Thai food) and he thought that it was fabulous and loved pairing wine with Thai food...which he had never done before. You absolutely have to try the crispy garlic shrimp and the panang curry! Oh and if you can hang with spicy...try the tom yum (soup) with prawns and chicken...it's the best:) It can be hard to get in so I recommend calling on a weekday to get a table for the weekend.", "The best Thai food I've ever had.  The strip mall and interior are average, and the service was ordinary, but the menu options and the tastes were amazing.  Also features a world class wine list.  I'm not sure what pairs well with Thai food, but the wine list had hard to find bottles that were worth a visit all on their own.", "The best place to eat in Vegas! Excellent food, service and price.", "The food and service were fine but the extreme raves in Vegas and the NYC branch are kind of mystifying.   Because this is far from the Strip, a tourist doesn't just stumble on this restaurant, you really have to want it.  There are other comparable Thai restaurants in the USA without anywhere near the hype: Typhoon or Chaba Thai in Portland, OR ... Thai Place in Orange County, Malee's in Scottsdale,  come to mind.   We had the egg roll, Tom Yum Kai, Salmon Panang, and Drunken Noodle Seafood.  Of the bunch the salmon was the most inventive.  My biggest gripe with the meal was drunken noodle seafood use of fake crab.  If you're a James Beard award winning restaurant don't use fake crab.  I haven't had fake crab in any seafood dish at the above-mentioned restaurants, and since the other dishes seemed rather standard-good Thai, gets an A-OK.  Not likely a destination stop next time in Vegas.", "The last time I was here, a number of years ago, the buffet was the thing not to get here, but now it seems to have gone full circle and now it is the thing to get, and I agree with everyone else, it is very good, very fresh ingredients.  The celebrated fried banana was too oily for my taste though, and the Thai chicken wings were just OK.", "The most overrated Thai restaurant in the country welcomes back Dan P.!  I was encouraged by the likes of Ryan D. and new acquaintances at Khoury's to give the \"best\" Thai restaurant in Vegas another chance.  So I made my third visit.  Today, Lotus redeemed a star.  However, I am sorry to say that its still overrated and I doubt I will return for a fourth visit.  We had the roast duck curry, the green curry with beef, and the pad see ew.\n\nMy favorite was the roast duck curry.  This is the dish that has inspired other restaurants like Thai BBQ and Stick E Rice to make the Americanized red curry with cherry tomatoes, grapes, and pineapples.  I think they both do it better.  The curry was sweet, but had some flavor to back it up.  The portion was ridiculously small, and the duck meat, while good quality, was skimpy.  This is an above average, Americanized duck curry that I guess I would recommend if you aren't familiar with authentic Thai food.\n\nNext up was the pad see ew with pork.  The pork was a bit tough, but nothing to complain about.  What little Chinese broccoli there was in this dish, wasn't rotten this time, so that was a plus.  This is a very saucy pad see ew, and sweetened.  Good for the general public, I suppose.  Not a bad dish, but I prefer a drier pad see ew.  You can get a much better version of this next door at Komol with huge portions of fresh Chinese broccoli.\n\nAnd on to today's joke, the green curry.  This is one of the weaker green curries I have had. The beef was a little on the tough side.  There was potential with well balanced and interesting spices in the curry, but the curry itself lacked any real backbone or character.  It was quite watery in taste.  I had to add chili powder to make it enjoyable.  If you are a fan of green curry, you might want to skip this one.  Again, the portion was small.  \n\nAs with most Americanized Thai restaurants, don't be afraid to order really spicy to have a bit of heat.  I could eat a 10 here and not break a sweat.\n\nLoS gains a star for not having rotten Chinese broccoli, and taking that terrible Northern Red Curry off of their new menu.  Unfortunately, this place is still on the bottom of my list as far as Thai restaurants in Vegas go.", "There's a lot of great things about Lotus of Siam, it's just not up to par with SF Bay Area Thai. But for Las Vegas, it's worth a shot!\n\nBrief Summary\n-- Location is off the strip, felt like \"middle of nowhere\"\n-- Must be a Local hot spot because it's packed and busy!\n-- Service was decent\n-- Food was pretty good\n-- Experience was just A-OK\n\nWith all of the high profile chef's having restaurants on the Las Vegas Strip or in the fancy, new hotels,  I would have NEVER thought of getting some Thai food in LV. Thanks to Yelp, I checked this place out with my GF and even called ahead and got a reservation on a busy Wednesday night!\n\nThis place doesn't look as big or as nice as it does inside. The outside made me feel like we were in the slums but the inside of the restaurant was very welcoming and nice. \n\nService was a little bit slow at times but eventually our server opened up and gave us a smile and great customer service. I guess he just needed some time to warm up.\n\n--- Our Order ---\n\n** Tom Kha Gai with veggies -- I think this one of the best dishes of the night. We asked for medium heat, and they delivered! The heat was strong when you ate the peppers in the soup, but otherwise it wasn't completely overbearing or too much. We were a little surprised at first but then were relieved that our mouths weren't completely on fire. We got the Hot Pot size and it was $14 ( a little expensive ), but the portions were HUGE. So it made sense. I definitely recommend this coconut based soup with chicken and vegetables.\n\n** Chicken Satay -- I like simple dishes. This dish was simple and delicious. BBQ chicken on skewers with a great peanut sauce and the cucumber salad. \n\n** Pad Thai with Chicken -- I'm not a fan of places that serve Pad Thai with ONLY a certain type of meat. I'm used to having some egg, chicken, tofu and shrimp in my noodles. So it would have been nice to have a few mroe ingredients, but in general the pad Thai was good. The noodles were a little bit thicker than what I like, but the flavor was very good. Pad Thai is the \"make or break\" dish for me, and I feel like they delivered well with the Pad Thai.\n\n** Pineapple Fried Rice -- This was probably the weakest dish. It wasn't very \"fried\" but more like a rice mixed with curry powder. It made the rice have a lackluster texture that was in between moist and dry. It was confusing. The pineapple did deliver a nice fresh crunch and juice, but I've had better.\n\nAfter going over my whole order, it wasn't that this place isn't good. Everything was good, but nothing WOW'd us or made me want to go out of my way for Thai in Las Vegas. If you're hankering for some Thai in LV, make a trip out here. Don't blink, or you'll miss it!\n\n** Quick Side Note -- They have a HUGE selection of Wine. If that's your \"thing\" then they will definitely be able to get you something that fits your meal.", "There's no chance I'll go to Vegas without eating here during my stay. This place has ruined my taste for cheap Thai food back home in Denver (sorry Thai Basil). I am starting to salivate at the very notion of their pad thai. When I visit I feel like I'm a part of a secret society that knows about this place and we might be asked for the special password at our next visit. It's hidden in a not-so-nice strip mall behind the Vegas strip but it's quite lovely inside: the thai spice aroma lifts me off my feet as I float to the table and begin contemplating what new adventure I will offer my mouth with this next order.", "This is definitely a hole-in-the-wall.  A friend of mine suggested this place, recommended to her by a different friend (the recommender lives in Los Angeles!).  When hubby and I arrived, we were rather dismayed to find ourselves standing outside the rather shabby exterior, flanked by questionable businesses in a sketchy strip mall.  However, all reservations dissipated when spotting the many photos of celebs on the walls and smelling the yummy smells within.  The four of us chose the pad Thai (with chicken), snapper, drunken noodles with tofu, and the northern style sausage.  All were excellent: not drowning in sauce, no bad aftertaste, just flavourful food that made us overeat.  :)  Service was especially good: attentive, patient, yet unobtrusive.  Prices are mid-level (around $12-15/entree) and portions were generous, not ridiculously so.  We will definitely come again.", "This is one of the three best Thai restaurants I've eaten at in North America.  (I like all three so much I'll call it a tie, especially since they're so geographically distributed I can't eat at all three in a row without burning a ton of frequent flier miles.)\n\nThe first time I went, it felt weird.  It's in a strip mall, there was a bunch of broken window glass in the parking lot, and it felt kinda seedy.  But, the food.  Oh, the food.  I'd read that Gourmet magazine called it the best Thai restaurant in America, and I had sky-high expectations.\n\nThey were exceeded.\n\nThere's a neat twist, too.  In addition to all the dishes you think of as \"Thai\" (which are from the southern part of Thailand), they have a whole set of Northern Thai specialities.  If you think you know Thai food, only order from the part of the menu with the northern specialties.  It's Thai, but it's nothing you'll recognize unless you're really well traveled and know Thai food extremely well.\n\nEat. Here. Now.  If you say you don't like Thai food, eat here anyway.  If you don't like it here, then I will allow you to say you don't like Thai food -- but not until then!", "This place boasts itself as being the absolute best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. As a matter of fact, as you walk in, there are a number of awards, accolades and write ups about this place.\n\nI came with a friend so we ordered three dishes to split between us, two entres and one appetizer.\n\nTo start with, we ordered the stuffed chicken wings. These were my least favorite out of what we ordered. They lacked seasoning in my opinion.\n\nNext, we ordered the Sweet and Sour chicken and the beef Pad Thai. Both of these dishes were terrific. The Pad Thai came with thinner style noodles than I normall expect with Pad Thai, but still, very good!\n\nI wasn't particularly crazy about the service, as we didn't have a clear cut server, they kept changing, so we weren't sure who to ask for what. Also, their prices are sort of high for Thai food, but maybe it's because I'm comparing it to LA?\n\nOverall, not bad, I'd actually go again, but who knows, with so many incredible dining options in Vegas, it just may be a while before I do.\n\nFood: 3.5\nAmbience: 2.5\nService: 3\nValue: 3", "This place deserves 5 stars just for the crispy duck in Penang curry and their mussels!  Amazing dishes. Ive eaten here several times and it remains to be one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  A great place for a date or to enjoy with a group of friends.  The location is a bit shady looking, but the food makes up for that!", "This place is a MUST VISIT for anyone hungry in Vegas.\n\nI read the reviews and decided to try it.  My husband and I love Thai food, and this place totally did not disappoint!  It was soooo good!  The food was excellent. We had\n\n- Tom yum\n- Tom kha\n- Ginger Chicken\n- Pad Thai\n- Mango with Sticky Rice\n\nEverything was absolutely delicious!  I have never had Pad Thai like that - a little different than what I am used to, but it was unbelievably good!  Try it.  And, no matter how stuffed you are, get the mango with sticky rice!  It is the perfect ending.\n\nWhen you go, be sure to ask to sit in Tony's section - he made the experience even that much better!  He was so helpful, always checking up on us.  And be sure to have him suggest some wine.\n\nOutstanding!", "This place is a serious diamond in the rough.\n\nAnd I mean that... this area is super ghetto and it's pretty much next door to a swingers club. \n\nI went back out to Vegas to visit my parents last weekend and this was the first place I asked to go to. I'm a HUGE riesling fan and this place has a wine list like I've never seen. Seriously. If you love rieslings and are in Vegas, you HAVE TO come here. I'm not even that into Thai and I go here. \n\nBut, since one needs to eat in order to drink more, I recommend their sea bass. Pricey but seriously delicious. My dad got their equivalent of broccoli beef and it wasn't so wonderful. Just bland. Their dessert (the fried banana one) also left something to be desired (that something was ice cream since the thing was a dry as bone) but I just waved down the waiter and got some. Problem solved! \n\nAnyway, go out here. You'll feel like a real Vegas insider and have the chance to try some really special wine. \n\nOh, and eat too. :) \n\nPS: Call ahead for reservations!", "This restaurant is located in a strip mall in a run-down-looking part of town.  Inside, the place is remarkably spacious and elegant looking.  Even on a Tuesday nite, it was packed and we had to wait for half a hour w/o reservations.  We tried the crispy rice as an appetizer and the green curry w/ chicken and drunken noodles w/ seafood.  The crispy rice had a nice texture but was unimaginably overseasoned.  I think they may have emptied the whole salt shaker by accident.  The green curry was pretty good but small in portions.  The drunken noodles was the highlight of the meal with yummy fresh seafood and greasy good noodles.  I'm giving one free pass for the overseasoned appetizer until my next visit.  A good place to go away from the strip but I recommend calling for reservations first.", "This super famous Thai restaurant has been called the best Thai restaurant in the country.  I've been here quite a few times and the most important advice I have is to skip the buffet (don't even look at it or you'll be tempted) and order off the Northern Thai menu.  I recently had the Nam Kao Tod as appetizer-crispy rice noodles with some kind of delicious meat mixed in with the noodles.  My entr\u00e9e was Kho Soy  (Steak Tar Tar), which was flavorful and delicious.  My wife had the Kho Soi (Northern Thai egg noodles with Spare Ribs).  This restaurant is consistently delicious and there are many other items I am looking forward to trying on their Northern Thai menu.  The service is always helpful and the prices are reasonable.  My only complaint with Lotus of Siam is they recently quit accepting American Express, which is the only card I like to use in restaurants.  The ambiance is comfortable and inviting, but I've never eaten in the new seating area.  Food-5 stars, Service-4 stars, Ambiance-3 Stars, Value-5 stars.", "To this Texas girl, Lotus of Siam is some dayum good Thai food.  I can't group myself in with the connoiseurs and aficionados but I do love to eat it!  We came in for a late lunch right before our flight out, so we had all our luggage with us and it wasn't an issue.  The cabbie that brought us here had never heard of the place, but the one that took us to the airport was all excited we had heard about it because he loves it too.\n\nAnyhoo--\n\n- Thai Iced Tea, get it.  \n- Crispy garlic prawns, I wasn't the hugest fan (I was a little more squeamish about the shells) but my dude loved them\n- We wanted to order the snapper or sea bass (i forget which now) on the drunken noodles, but they were out, so we got the duck.  Very similar to pad kee mow with basil, tomato, peppers---soooo good\n- Tom Kha Gai soup - VERY tangy but good.  A little on the salty side.\n- Mango sticky rice - I've never really liked this in the past but holy mother of god I'm now a convert.  SOOO glad we were there during mango season!!!  Now I gotta find this in Dallas...\n\nFor a casual Thai-enthusiast, I'd definitely recommend checking it out!! We'll definitely make it a staple for future visits.", "Totally the worst place to order take out !!! \nThe little guy said it only takes 20 mins... But in reality it tooks one hour! He keep saying \"it's coming.. It's coming...\" Many many times and I got sick of it !!!\nThe best thing that we want to cancel it and he refused to do it!! And again, he said \"It's coming... \" Wth? He said sorry, but he even didn't look at me... Like he didn't care at all... Grrr...That little guy no attitude at all..\nGratz Lotus of Siam is the worst place I ever met !!!\nI know you are a very very famous restaurant, that's why you think only for an unimportant person like me, you don't need to give the best service, coz you still have millions of customers....\nI got it now... !!! That's it... No more ordering in this place again... ZZzzz", "Went on a recommendation.  Went in for lunch on whim not knowing there would be a buffet, which turned out to be fantastic food, even being on a buffet, and only 10 bucks.  Not a huge selection, which was actually nice.  What was there was fresh and warm and perfect and delicious.  Best Thai food I've had in LV so far.  Can't wait to go back for dinner and order a la carte.  Sweet and sour soup chronic. Pad thai exactly what it should be. Yellow curry chicken sweet with great seasoned backbone to it. Yumm-oh.", "What a wonderful discovery!  Thanks Ming Tsai for telling the world that the best thing you've ever eaten in Las Vegas is the Nam Prik Ong from Lotus of Siam.  I just had to try what the heck this man was talking about! My husband says Lotus of Siam is legendary in town. Well, I hadn't heard of it until Ming Tsai. \n\nLocated in the not so flattering neighborhood of Las Vegas, I was surprised at how many patrons were there at 2pm! We were doing late lunch and was hoping to scarf as much by closing time at 2:30. I was intrigued to find that people were still filing in at this time.  \n\nThe waiting area is compact and uncomfortable.  We waited about ten minutes until our party was called. We found the restaurant busy and bustling when we were finally seated.  The restaurant has space in contrast to the narrow entrance and waiting area.  I was pleasantly surprised to see an entire wall of wine in what seemed to be a temperature controlled cellar.  There was a lunch buffet which we did not care for at that time.\n\nOur server was nice and friendly and guessed correctly at my reason for ordering Nam Prik Ong.  Needless to say, I had the Nam Prik Ong while my buddy ordered Khao Soi (egg noodles in curry coconut sauce with bits of chicken). \n\nVerdict: Ming Tsai must have not had a lot of opportunity to eat in town.  Nam Prik Ong was good, but I wouldn't call it the best thing I've ever eaten in Las Vegas! I have to admit it is unique and I will probably not see this dish on the menu of any other Thai restaurant.  The Khao Soi was good too.  Based on the two orders we had, did I have a ridiculously spectacular dining experience? The answer is, eh. The size of the menu however allows for Thai food education that your favorite Thai delivery place will most likely not provide.", "What can I say that my buddy Jay F didn't say in his review about this spot? \n\nWell, I was in town visiting from San Francisco over Memorial Day weekend, and Jay knew I'm a bit of a foodie, so he mentioned Lotus of Siam early in the trip as a \"must go\" place to dine. We finally went the last night I was in town, and I was seriously blown away at how amazing the food was. And for the price, you honestly cannot beat it! \n\nI would be remiss without also mentioning their rather extensive and nicely executed wine list. Coming form the Bay Area, that is a must, and LoS did not disappoint. \n\nIn short...for details, read Jay F's review - otherwise, trust me when I say, GO TO LOTUS OF SIAM - you will thank me for it...at least until you're finding yourself craving it and being 1000 miles away...\n\nLike Arnie Schwarzenegger once said....\"I'll be back!\"", "Writing a review so I'll remember to come back here the next time I'm in town. I heard a lot before we went and I was not disappointed! Location is \ndefinitely unexpected, but that just made the meal more fun. \n\nPluses:\n\n+Outstanding service\n+Incredible wine list\n+Super prompt kitchen\n+Did I mention? Incredible food, bursting with flavor. \n\nMinuses:\n\n-Very over-stuffed belly post-meal.", "[Note: review is solely for the lunch buffet]\n\nLotus of Siam has the best lunch buffet in Vegas, hands down.  Not because the buffet specials change daily (although tasty variety is nice); not because the ginger tofu dish is tart and spicy in a way that you know they are using fresh ginger; not because the fried sweet potato curry puffs have made me ditch my diet more than once (although, I could honestly pig out on a plate full of those things--crunchy and sweet with a dash of spice . . . mmmmmmm).\n\nNo, it's because each dish under the heat lamp is fresh.  In contrast to most of the buffets in Vegas, Lotus of Siam does not leave their buffet dishes under heat lamps for hours.  Each dish is fresh.  Hell, there's not much chance for the dishes to sit for long since the place is always packed for lunch and the kitchen needs to keep cranking out food to refill the buffet options.  \n\nOh, and the buffet dishes are properly cooked.  An overcooked chicken can ruin a Pad Thai, but you won't find that here.  It's tender, it's seasoned and it's wonderful.\n\nAnd they do a good job of catering to the full spectrum of spice lovers.  The dishes on the buffet aren't overly spicy, but there's plenty of hot sauce and dried hot pepper to stir in if you want to raise the heat level.\n\nAll around thumbs up.", "\"OMG\" is a phrase I would use to describe this place. It's in a strip mall off the strip. Looks like a rundown, dirty, mom and pop thai restaurant that is struggling to make ends meet from the outside. Remember that saying \"looks can be deceiving?\" Well that's exactly what I was thinking when I walked out. The four of us feasted on some of the best thai I've ever had. Our meals included apps, soups, main courses, dessert and everything was amazing. They have a nice size menu and all their items have great descriptions. I would highly recommend checking this place out! Don't have a car in Vegas? I would say it's worth the cab ride."]
[2011, "season4"]	["3.5 stars\n\nMany a person recommended this place, including the staff at \u00e9. The wine list is impressive and the food was good to very good.\n\nYum Woon Sen: Such a great dish -- my favorite is still Thai Square in DC -- Siam's really didn't do much for me.\n\nNam Prik Ong: a chili dip with ground pork, tomato and dried spice -- it was not the best thing I ever ate, but it was quite good.\n\nDrunken noodles with Sea Bass: the best dish we had, the fish was cooked perfectly and the noodles were delicious -- my only complaint was the portion size, especially given the price.\n\nBeef jerky Issan style: great flavor, just a little dry and difficult to eat (granted, that could be why they call it jerky!)\n\nSticky rice with fried banana: delicious!\n\nI was really looking forward to this meal, and it was good -- but a little less than memorable.", "4 of 5 stars...for now.  would i go back? definitely!\n\nlotus of siam is located south of the strip in a sketchy looking plaza.  dont let the exterior fool you because the food inside is pretty fantastic.  i think they have the hugest selection of thai food ive ever seen (like pages and pages of items on the menu).  i have to say that the pad thai is the best ive had...in my life. really!  the drunken noodles were good too.  the best? no.  but good...possibly 2nd best.  the coconut soup was yummy but definitely over priced.  lastly, we had an appetizer made of minced pork (cant remember the name, sorry) served with fresh veggies and pork rinds.  it was good but not a \"must.\" \n\nanother tip: they have lunch buffet during the week.  they are not open for lunch during the weekend.  also, get there early for dinner or expect a huge line.", "A true hidden culinary treasure... A great restaurant with beautiful facilities, very clean and friendly with fresh food. I am now eating the lunch buffet and the taste of the food is amazing! The only reason I am giving it 4 star rating is the limited number of dishes offered. Come to this place for the QUALITY of the food not the quantity. I would cerainly recommend.", "After reading the reviews, I was a little skeptical about trying this place, but my boyfriend said that it was pretty good, so I took his word for it.  \n\nWe arrived at about 7:15pm on a Friday and was I already nervous about the location.  At first, I thought that my boyfriend had made a mistake, but no, it's really in a strip mall.  Call my snobby, but I was definitely shocked.  I was also worried about showing up at this time without a reservation.  We were running late for another event, so yes, I was a bit nervous.  As soon as we got there, though, I was able to immediately get a table and a couple of menus. \n\nI thought that it was a little overpriced, and that our server was a bit slow in refilling our water glasses, but all in all, pretty good dining experience.  \n\nWe ordered the following (and yes, we had them bring everything out at once and we didn't have any leftovers either...definitely starving):\n\nBeef Satay Sticks - so delicious and full of flavor\n\nChicken Satay Sticks - delicious too, but a bit tougher than the beef sticks (so we ate these last)\n\nThe accompanying cucumber salad was as good as expected.\n\nBeef with Pepper Garlic Sauce - the portion was a little smaller than expected, but the garlic pepper sauce was just enough to complement the tenderness of the beef.\n\nSea Bass with Ginger - again, the portion was definitely a lot smaller than anticipated, and the sauce seemed to be a bit much for the portion of fish that they gave us, but again it was still delicious, although it felt like i was eating a soup rather than a sea bass dish.\n\nI'll admit that I was pretty impressed that even though we told the guy that we were in a hurry and the place was fairly packed, we got our food within 15 minutes of ordering.  However, I guess that the guy was a bit too busy to check back on us about our drinks, since I had to flag him down twice to give me a water refill.  \n\nMy only gripes are about the sort of slow service and the portions, prices, and a bit of the food.  All in all, I'm definitely willing to return and try this place out a second time.   \n\nWhenever I get around to making a return trip, I'm not sure, though, if I'll be able to try anything other than the beef satay or beef with garlic pepper sauce.  Those two dishes are definitely a favorite of mine, at least for now.", "Although an elderly gent at the next table was literally having a heart attack while we were eating, I'm not going to blame it on the restaurant. The place is on another level in terms of Thai restaurants. A huge menu like Srirapathai in Queens but with some amazing specials. The ultimate yummy was a short rib penang that had to be the best Thai dish that I've ever eaten anywhere including Bangkok. the seafood is also good considering your in landlocked Vegas.", "Amazing Thai food.  Hands down the best I've ever had.  For Apps, the Tom Kha soup (my fav Asian soup) is a great balance of all the right flavors.  The spicy chicken wings are sweet, spicy and herby all at the same time.\nFor entrees, I love the Sea Bass on drunken noodles.  Any version of the crispy duck is killer, esp the chili mint variety.  Red curry is usually my benchmark for a Thai spot and theirs is on point.  With spice levels from 1-10, they can please any palette, spicy or mild.  Just be ready to sweat if u go near 10.\nFor dessert, don't skip the fried bananas with coconut ice cream and sticky rice. It's the perfect end to a spicy meal. \nAll in all, Lotus of Siam is by far the best Thai I've ever had and I would strongly recommend leaving the strip for this James Beard nominated gem.", "Best Thai food ever.  Once you find it and experience the food, you will want to go back to explore the amazing menu variety.", "Best Thai food in the US.   Amazing dishes made with love!  Must try the crispy rice app and the short rib with noodles!", "Doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's a really good Thai restaurant, maybe the best I've ever had.  And I live in LA where there's a Thai Town.  That crying shrimp dish is really good.  Even though it's generic, but probably the best Pad Thai ever.  We ordered the drunken noodles off menu.  It wasn't that great, but I was already really full by then.", "Everything was delicious.  Loved it and will surely be back.  We got there when they opened and the place filled up fast.  We had:\nNam kao tod, the crispy rice appetizer was a wonderful mix of flavors.  I would have ordered a 2nd one, but was soon full.\nTom yum soup with prawns.  Good heat.\nSea bass with Panang curry sauce.  A foil package of flavor.\nCrispy duck with drunken noodles\nSticky rice for 4\nA side of peanut sauce.  Very curry in flavor.\nA side of basil sauce (same as on the noodles)\n4 thai teas, 1 thai coffee and 1 soda with unlimited refills for $111\nNo room for dessert :0(\nThe portions were on the smaller side, but we left full and happy. So -1 star for that and the location.\nExtensive wine list.", "Food is Northern Thai style and you can get things that you normally would not be able to get in other Thai restaurants. If you want Pad Thai, they have it but I would get something more adventurous. Tried the curry noodles, papaya salad, pork Hunglae curry, northern style sausage, and crispy rice salad. MY least favorite dish was the crispy rice salad but overall the food was very good, and just as good as the places I eat at in NYC. They have a ridiculous wine list, so if you are in the mood for wine, take a look at the list.", "Food is everything it was hyped to be. Clear, sharp flavors and in particular the texture of the meats was just perfect. Boneless duck crispy fried to perfection, luxuriously melting short ribs that still didn't taste greasy, and dry sausage that was redolent of chiles and lime.\n\nService was very good and our waiter knew the menu inside and out, answering every one of my questions. The service is also very fast.\n\nThe inside of the restaurant is nice enough - not modern or hip in any way but nicer than your average Thai. The location is straight ghetto, but never fear, you'll be accompanied by a steady stream of taxis, limos, and others making the sojourn this many blocks from the Strip. It's not a secret, this place.\n\nThe only flaw - a minor one in the scheme of things - is that the prices were a bit high for the amount of food ordered. The portions are quite modest. You will need to order at least one entree per adult and possibly more.\n\nIs this the best Thai I've ever eaten? I don't know - it was pretty darn good. And a lot of the dishes simply aren't available at your nearest Thai joint. Experiment a little - this is not the place to get panang curry and pad thai, even if they happen to be really good.\n\nThis is a definite keeper, and we'll definitely be back next time we're in town.", "For Vegas, you won't find a better Thai place than Lotus of Siam. Of course, getting there was a little difficult because it doesn't face the main street so there won't be any signs for it. You pretty much turn on a small street the directly connects to the plaza that Lotus of Siam is in. It doesn't look crackin' on the outside, due to the large unused lot, but once you step inside the venue, you'll see that the place usually has a full house around 7-9 PM. \n\nFirst of all, a must order is the Nam-Prik-Ong (Red Chili Dip under their Northern Thai Cuisine). It is a burst of flavor in every bite. The dip contains ground pork with various spices, and is eaten with sticky rice or fresh vegetables. After hearing about this dish from the all-famous, next Iron Chef Ming Tsai, I had to come to this place on one of my frequented trips to Las Vegas. And I have not stopped thinking about this dish since. Too bad its only an appetizer because I would definitely eat it as an entree if I could. \n\nWe also had the Plar Koong, Nua Dad Deaw, Moo Yang, Tom Yum Kai, and various other dishes (went with a party of 8 hungry hungry hippos - JK, I love you guys). All of those dishes were great!! Just one warning though, if you get the soup and they ask you for what level of spicy-ness (1-10), don't say 7 unless you want to get your mouth seriously burned and engorged with capsaicin. That was the most spicy dish I've ever had. I bet the soup would have tasted lovely if it wasn't over powered by all that spice. But anyways, their food was still top notch for Las Vegas.", "Great Thai food.  It was worth the cab ride.  This was my favorite place I tried in Vegas.  Go.", "Hard to Find, When you drive/map it, it shows the back and you have to turn into the center to see it. The restaurant looks dull from the outside. Everyone was nice and the food is very tasty. The Pad Thai was good not great, the Panag chicken sauce was watery =\\ I Rather go to Thai Spice.", "I enjoyed dinner here on my last trip to Las Vegas.  While it is located in a very shady area, the food is ah-mazing.  The inside of the restaurant looks nothing like the outside.  If you're mapping your way to this restaurant, and find yourself sightly nervous because of the inadequate area lighting, you're in the right place.  The restaurant does a good job at sprucing up the atmosphere with white table cloths, and an impressive wine list & glassware.  The food is very authentic and stays true to its Thai flavors and textures.  The restaurant is very busy, I recommend making reservations.", "I give this place an overall 2.5 stars:\n\nThe Pros:  Great customer service.  Large dining area that can accommodate lots of customers.  Delicious, juicy pork satay. Garlic pepper chicken was wonderful and they used all white meat!  \n\nThe Cons:  Prices are a bit inflated (expect to pay $2+ on all dishes), portions are tiny for the inflated price you pay.  Location is in a run down strip mall in a ghetto, shady part of Vegas.  \n\nMy hubby and I came to the conclusion that this place is overly hyped. We had better pad thai from The Thai Noodle House on Spring Mountain (Chinatown) for a few dollars less and double the portion size.  It was a good thing that we were not too hungry as the portions they served us were comparably smaller to what other Thai restaurants may serve you.", "I had a very hard time every day in Las Vegas  trying to decide whether to eat at Lotus or Komal.  Life is just brutal sometimes.  I could MOVE to vegas just to be near them.", "I had dinner here tonight and I was satisfied. I had a curry with egg noodle and it was yummy! The chicken satay was fine (nothing better than I had elsewhere), but I would go back the curry was delicious. Some people say this place is overrated, however the food here is yummy. I wish the restaurant was in a nicer location though, the commercial center is not that nice of an area.", "I have been eating at Lotus several times per year for the last ten years and until this last week it had been my favorite restaurant in the world (been a lot of places, folks) and I would have rated it five stars plus.  I would often travel to Vegas just to eat there and once even flew in from in from a posting in Africa.  Since they have expanded into the wig shop next door, however, it seems that they care only about volume and not about custom made, tasty Thai food.  Last week I went for dinner my first night in town and ordered my favorite dish, their signature crispy rice with sour sausage.  I ordered it very got (8/10) like I normally do.  When it arrived it had no spice at all and was lukewarm.  It was obvious that they had made a large vat of it and were just slopping it out as if in a prison cafeteria.  The other dishes we ordered, panang curry and drunken noodles, were equally \"blah.\"\n\nSince this was my favorite place in the world, I gave them another try.  I went for lunch a few days later figuring that since most people eat the lunch buffet I would be able to get a made to order crispy rice.  This time it wasn't even lukewarm.  I hope you're making some good money now, Lotus, because you're certainly not making good food anymore.", "I have eaten at many Thai restaurants across the US, and this is by far the best! The most interesting fact about Lotus of Siam, is the unassuming appearance of the restaurant from the outside. Located in a strip mall in a not-so-safe part of Vegas, the uninformed foodie could simply pass on the opportunity to indulge in the dining experience.\n\nThe Nam-Prik-Ong (Red Chili Dip) with vegetables and sticky rice is a great starter to any meal, and is the recommended dish by the great Ming Tsai.\n\nWeekday lunch offers a great buffet at a reasonable price, and the wine list is top notch.\n\nTake a walk on the wild side of Vegas, and head over to Lotus of Siam ASAP!!", "I have to say, the green curry was a big hit with me. The menu is extensive and I love that the meat options include duck. I really enjoyed the roast duck with the drunken noodles. The meal would have been perfect if I didn't start off with their Tom Yum Koong soup. It was waaay too spicy! Don't get me wrong, I like my dishes spicy but their soups just went overboard. If you love spicy food, I would suggest getting the entrees really spicy and opting for milder with the soup and salad. It will make for a more pleasurable dining experience.", "I should start by mentioning that this place won the James Beard Foundation Award this year for Best Chef within it's region. With accolades like that, I tend to have high expectations.... Expectations that were not met.\n\nWhen you arrive at Lotus of Siam, it looks just like every other Thai restaurant found in any old town. It appears to be made up of several converted spaces that makes it feel like a Bingo hall. There are water damage stains on the ceiling where crystal chandeliers from the early 80's hang under fluorescent lights. Dusty framed pieces of art depicting elephants drawn with sequins adorn the walls. It really couldn't be any more of a cliche. Then there was the menu. Inundated with over 150 items, I was enormously overwhelmed by the task at hand. Luckily, the website lists a number of recommendations within each course. So we went with the Koong Sarong or \"Prawn in Blanket.\" This dish featured marinated prawns wrapped with bacon and wonton wraps, deep fried, and served with homemade sweet and sour sauce. Was it good? Of course! It was amazing! But what isn't when wrapped in bacon and deep fried. The prawns were done just right and the sauce balanced out the heaviness of the wonton nicely.\n\nThey say that the true test of a brilliant chef is to order the simplest menu item and see how they are able to make it their own. It seemed like a reasonable challenge, but not so much that night. I went with my old standby Pad Thai and couldn't wait to see what Chef Saipin Chutima would do. Unfortunately, I was sadly underwhelmed. The dish tasted okay, but I had seen this dozens of times before. It was by no means a revelation. In fact, it was overly oily and too sweet. My companions ordered Charbroiled Beef which was very grisly, and while the Sweet and Sour Chicken was nice and fresh, the use of cilantro was overpowering and just too much. It could very well be that we just did not order the right menu items. But in my opinion, any item coming out of such a heralded kitchen should be cooked to perfection. \n\nMy advice: save up and splurge at a \"Strip\" restaurant such as Shibuya at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino. It will cost a bit more but the experience will be worth it. My lesson learned: every dining experience and plate is different. Critically acclaimed restaurants do not always deliver as you would like them to.", "I took a group of 12 friends there based on the recommendation of a friend.... It was some of the blandest Thai food I have ever had. \n\nThe Panag Nua was tough and lacking in flavor. It was a true Panag curry but it just seemed watered down. The meat had been just sliced and tossed in. Normally good Thai places have nice chunks of beef that they let stew in it all day so the sauce permeates it and the meat just falls apart. \n\nThe Yum Yai salad had almost no sauce and what litte sauce it did have lacked in any flavor.\n\nThe Tom Ka Guy soup was watery and heavily lacking in taste. The chicken in it was dry and huge chunks that were just not right for a soup. It also lacked a decent amount of mushrooms.\n\nThe Kow Pat Moo was totally flavorless for a Thai fried rice. It was more like over priced panda express Chinese fast food rice.  This is a huge failure. I mean how hard is it to toss nam plaud and sugar into some rice? \n\nThe Phad Thai was soggy and had more the consistency of spagetti with marinara then a thai fried noodle dish. \n\nThe saving grace was the moo sautee. It was nice and small like you would get on the streets of bangkok. It did taste good but then again that's the staple of Thai places and you would have to go out of your way to screw this one up.\n\nAll this being said my friends liked it BUT none of them have ever tried Thai food before much less GOOD Thai food. I think this must be the case for a lot of the positive reviews here. An other negative reviewer pointed out that there simply no Thai people in there this does tend to be a good indicator as to if a Thai place is good.", "I wanted to try this place because it had such good reviews.  For the money I would go across the center and eat a Komol.  It is not as fancy but you will not get a Chinese food buffet either.\n\nMy friend ordered the blue crabs on noodles.  The noodles were good but she had to send the dish back because one a scale of 1 - 10 they seasoned it at least a 6 when she pointedly asked for a one.  When the dish came back it was lifeless and not worth eating.\n\nI can't remember what I had, oh wait, some pork meat grilled.  It was tough and over priced.", "I was wildly impressed with the OFF STRIP food on this trip to Vegas! This place is AUTHENTIC!!  I sat down and asked my waitress to send out what the chefs thought best. We ended up with one of the most extrordinary Thai dinners I've had anywhere...and I spend a lot of time eating in LA and Vegas, not to mention the 6 weeks in Thailand. This place is open late, the staff is friendly, expect a wait unless you have reservations, but you can run next door and play pool while you wait! My advice, wander away from the Strip and eat like a local. Not only will you find some amazing food, you will save big bucks!", "I've been here a couple times now and I simply cannot say enough about the quality of food. Their menu is immense but everything is of a very high quality. \n\nMy favorite dishes thus far are the roast duck curry and the crispy duck drunken noodles (I am a sucker for duck). We've also had great success with multiple appetizers (BBQ chicken wings were great.....odd for a Thai place, I know) and soups. \n\nAs others have said, the location is, um, interesting? Included at no charge are beggars in the parking lot. Don't let it scare you off though, the trip is beyond worth it.", "I've eaten here many times and it continues to be wonderful with my favorite wine list in the country.", "I've heard about how this is the \"best thai restaurant in America\".  Its a very good one, but I really didn't notice the big difference between it and Renu Nakorn which was at a time related to Lotus of Siam. Service was very good though...its a very solid thai restaurant, but it didn't knock my socks off like others have said..I believe this review would suffer from unrealistically high expectations.", "It's a tourist destination, and sometimes the wait can be atrocious. So I mean you need to know that heading in. The Crispy Duck on noodles is freaking amazing, but for what it costs it should be a portion about 50% bigger. That's really my knock with LOS. The portions should be bigger given how much you're paying, or the food should just be perfect. That's where my 2 stars were lost.", "Ming Tsai was on a episode of the best thing I Ever Ate, on Food Network, so we tried this place, from the outside and neighborhood at night you think \"NO WAY\" risk it this place is GREAT! and it is huge inside looks throw you way off on this one.  Plus  Chef Tsai was right the Nam Prik Ong was fantastic!!  The wine list in this place is hands down impressive as well.  The service top notch, and prices were great as well, I feel sorry for the folks that pass this place up based on the looks from the outside.", "Mmmmmm Mmmmmmmm good.\n\nI read about Lotus of Siam on Yelp before we went and had noted some of the favourite dishes.  We ordered the CRISPY DUCK with PANANG - Crispy duck topped with Thai style red cream curry sauce with cognac. - 20.95 (under \"Chefs Choice\") and drunken noodle with sea bass which the table beside us was enjoying.  \n\nWe also ordered a spicy rice dish and it was SPICY!!!  The food was incredible and even the wine recommendation was great.  Their wine selection is extensive but I think the wine is really kept in a cellar - our red wine was very very cool.  It was not a cheap meal for Thai food but was a great price for an incredible meal.\n\nThe place does look sketchy from the outside and is apparently not in a great neighbourhood but it was $15 in a cab from The Wynn.  We asked them to call a cab for us when we were ready to leave so we didn't have to wait outside.  \n\nI would definitely recommend Lotus of Siam.  Bring your friends, try something different, maybe even something a bit spicy.  You won't regret it.  And if you have tried Thai food before you will not be disappointed - I promise.", "My brother's Thai friends recommended that I try Lotus of Siam because they said it was one of the best outside of their motherland. And you know what? It's not just them that recommend this place because famous chefs such as Jonathan Gold and Susan Feniger rave about this place as well. It's no wonder that they have been nominated for the James Beard award again and again. Just remember though that because this place is so good, you may want to call ahead and make a reservation unless you want to wait 45 minutes to an hour. \n\nDespite the swanky acclaim, let me warn you that the restaurant is way off the Strip and from the outside it looks like a hole-in-the-wall restaurant. In fact, Lotus of Siam is in the original Asian enclave of Las Vegas off of East Sahara Avenue near downtown so don't expect it to be glittery nice like the new Chinatown along Spring Mountain Road. Regardless, I like being in this rundown part of town because it reminds me of the old Las Vegas before all the dazzling excess when the best hotel in town was the Dunes.  \n\nLotus of Siam is a Thai restaurant, but its real specialty is Isan-style food. Isan is a region of Thailand that is located in the northeast portion of the country and is bordered by Cambodia and Laos. If only I had known when I was in Thailand because Isan-style cuisine is fucking delicious! \n\nUnlike traditional Thai food that people are probably accustomed to which is more sour and sweet, Isan-style cooking is more garlicky and spicy. The only way to describe the uniqueness of Isan-style Thai food is to compare it to the Peranakan \"nyonya\" cuisine  of Malaysia/Singapore due to its blending of traditional Thai flavors with Cambodian and Laotian influences and to the Korean food from Cholla Province, due to its spicier and more pungent flavors.\n\nSo on Christmas Eve, our party of four ordered five dishes because the portions are a bit smaller than your normal Thai restaurant. We ended up ordering the standard noodle dishes of chicken pad thai and beef pad see ew as well as a really tangy papaya salad. I literally wanted to drink the papaya salad marinade because it was so fucking good. For the proteins we ordered moo yang (marinated charbroiled pork) and nua yum katiem (charbroiled beef marinated with garlic and hot sauce that is served on top of Thai cole claw). \n\nAll the dishes were tasty, but my favorite was the Isan-style nua yum katiem. The beef had just the right amount of spicy flavors and mixed with the cole slaw, the combination was so good that I ended up drowning my rice in the sauce. \n\nAt the end of the day, Lotus of Siam shines because it offers Isan-style Thai food. If you come here ordering just the normal Thai dishes, you may not enjoy this place for what it truly is. I will definitely will be returning. S\u00e2ep lai lai!", "My husband and I had dinner here last night. We have relatives that live in Las Vegas and have wanted to try this place for a while. The food was excellent - by far the best Thai food I have ever had in the USA, Europe, or Asia. (That said, while I have traveled in Asia - I have not been to Thailand.) In addition to great food - the wine selection was amazing. The wine list is very extensive and can be very expensive, but there are some bottles in the $30-60 range. (In other words, you can get a special bottle of wine, but you can also just buy a good bottle too.\n\nI can't wait to eat here again!  We definitely plan to go back before we head home to DC in a few days! (Maybe tonight? Or tomorrow?)", "My mother is a Food Network afficionado, so of course, after hearing that many of her favorite celeb chefs have been to this restaurant, we had to check it out.\n\nDon't let the outside fool you (we almost didn't enter because of how sketchy it looked at night).  It is great inside.\n\nDishes for dinner are all in the $20+ range.  A bit pricier than I'm used to for Thai, but it was fine because the quality of the dishes was excellent.\n\nThat said, I didn't LOVE absolutely every dish.  The Nam Kao Tod, which everyone raves about, wasn't anything special to me.  Crunchy, spicy, and good, but nothing to write home about.  The pad thai was also very good, but again, nothing to get excited over.\n\nWhy the 5-star review then?  Because the dishes that did stand out were AMAZING.\n\nThe Garlic Prawns (you eat them shell and all) were a real surprise.  I hadn't intended to order them, but our friendly and patient waiter recommended them when I was floundering with my dish choices.  Holy smokes!  My FAVORITE dish of the night.  So light and crispy, I actually ended up liking the shells more than the meat of the shrimp!\n\nThe Sea Bass over Drunken Noodles was PERFECTLY cooked- super moist and flavorful.  I'd have this any day of the week and twice on Sundays.\n\nThe Crispy Duck in Panang Curry was so flavorful and fatty.  Mmmm... Definitely rich though, so don't order this if you're feeling like something light.\n\nThe braised beef was... wow.  Melt-in-your mouth good.  This, like the prawns, was suggested to me by our waiter, and I'm so glad I went with his recommendations.\n\nLast but not least - the wine.  We had a delicious reisling (surprise, surprise - recommended by the waiter).  It was so good that we took the bottle with us to a nearby liquor store to buy some more.", "Of course I went to this resturant because it was on the Food Network.  I had to try it out.  Come to find out I had eaten there many times and it is ALWAYS good!!  Great food and great atmosphere! Drunken noodles were great and much cheaper than Wazuzu...Thanks for the great experience and can't wait to go back.  Nice and early to beat the crowd though!", "Read the other reviews... then forget about the entrees on the menu. There's a super legit buffet here to enjoy.\n\nThe buffet's during lunch hours only, 11:30am-2:00pm per the web site's menu, and we didn't need a reservation (although I hear it's way crowded on weekends and evenings). For $10, you can get awesome food that's very similar to their entrees. Even though the selection is small, I say quality beats variety in this case. The fried rice was almost perfectly moist and flavorful, and the chicken with broccoli tastes far different from the junk you get at your local chinese food joint. The pad thai (one of my favorites) looks the same as the pad thai entree except you don't get shrimp and whatnot, and the garlic chicken wings also seem to be prepared like the regular menu wings. Only difference was that I noticed the leg pieces were kinda dry, but the wing pieces weren't so bad.\n\nBut the biggest surprise by far was the duck soup. It's hot, it's not too salty or bland, and it's filled with generous amounts of real chunks of duck meat. Yes, duck meat in a buffet. I might have seen that only once before, if memory serves, and that would've been at the pricey Wynn buffet. The only minor issues are that the soup is a bit into the moderately hot range - tough if you can't handle spicy at all, and easily noticeable if you're only semi-adjusted like me - and the bowls you apparently get to use are pretty small. Alas, I don't know if they'd provide larger bowls because I failed to ask.\n\nOh yeah, there's also dessert items on that buffet island. The fried banana (they look like egg rolls) and slices of orange were both yummy. I didn't have much time to try more, but I could gorge on fried banana and oranges all day alone.", "Sadly, after 10 years of eating at Lotus, I have to give a negative review.  The crispy rice ordered at an 8 of 10 spice level was tepid, tasted premade with  a few chile pods tossed in for \"spice\".  The portions are smaller than they used to be and the attention to detail is just not there.  I came for two meals in three days with family and we all left disappointed.  In the past, I felt like food was cooked to order and to preference of spice.  No longer, plus the waiter dissed us when we said we really didn't think the food was to the quality we expected.  Oh Lotus, you used to be awesome.  Next time I will cheat on you with Komol.", "Seriously people! I live in the Bay Area so I understand my benchmark is higher but this place was just ok. Super expensive. They can't cook Thai but they try. Good German wines tho.", "So, after seeing so many reviews/articles saying this was the best Thai restaurant in the U.S. I think it's hard to live up to the designation, because I really didn't think the place was anything special.\n\nThe customer service was awful and the food was pretty bland, given that, I think 2 stars is pretty generous.", "Taxis frequently drop off tourists at this ghetto location....but there's definitely a reason for it!  Located in a sketchy strip mall is one of the best Thai restaurants in Las Vegas.  Even when I am at other Thai establishments...I daydream about the food here.  \n\nOne stand out dish is the fried garlic prawns with shells (FYI shells can be eaten in this case..).  The sea bass options on the menu are all solid as well.  If you order the typical noodle/rice/curry dishes that are available at other Thai restaurants, you will not be impressed and you will feel you have over paid.  The Northern Thai menu is also delicious and adds a little variety compared to other Thai restaurants in the area....while the menu states the dishes are more mild...they still left my mouth on fire.\n\nLotus also has a buffet lunch option.. especially if you are on a time crunch.  Very basic dishes like pad thai, pad see ew, vegetable curry, and assortment of fried foods (tempura, chicken wings, egg rolls) are set out in the middle of the restaurant and constantly filled.  The stand out items in the buffet lunch are the fried chicken wings and the coconut/banana egg roll.  For the price you pay...definitely worth a try!", "The chef of this place has bee described by the NY Times as the person with the best Thai restaurant in the country.  Really?  Yes.  Really.  In the middle of nowhere, in a strip mall in the desert?  Yes.  \n\nBut no worries.  The chef knows this.  If you're here for a great Thai meal, the chef will come out to check you out.\n\nThe sad thing about this place is that on a week day at lunchtime 90% of the people in the dining room (mostly locals from offices close by) were having the lunch buffet, something you can find in Ohio or any small town USA-ville.  Jesus Prakakorn NEVER gets any respect in his own home.\n\nObviously order off the menu.\n\nThe best Thai laab (we did the raw beef and pork), seafood soup, and curry ever.  Their wine list is so well-curated that the folks in the Mosel valley would be jealous of their encyclopedic riesling options.  Their rieslings are top-notch.  And it did pair so well with the spicy Thai food.\n\n5 stars at every level.\n\nThe chef needs to come back to Thai-town in Los Angeles.  There'd be 90% of us ordering off the menu and only 10% in the buffett line.", "The most delectible thai food on the planet. That is an understatement.... They have great fried eggrolls, yellow curry, and thai BBQ.", "The only thing that Lotus of Siam did wrong was being in the wrong place at the wrong time. What do I mean? Well, it had the misfortune of 1) being the dinner we ate AFTER having gone to Jose Andres' e' and 2) being visited a few months AFTER the wife and I had eaten in Portland's Pok Pok.\n\nIf it weren't for those two things, this would've been a five star review all the way. But alas, it wasn't the best meal I'd eaten in 24 hours (though, yes, an unfair comparison) let alone the best Thai I'd had (by which I mean the aforementioned Pok Pok.)\n\nSo let me stop the comparisons and just talk about our experience. It's in a strip mall--a sketch strip mall at that. Some (my overly critical parents, for example) might find that a turn off. Others (a-hole Yelpers like me for example) add points given a genuine hole-in-the-wall status. Thankfully, the sketch doesn't extend to the interior.\n\nWe had a group of six. We'd made reservations about a month previous so we had few (if any) hiccups (though we did heed the advice of showing up exactly on time.) The wine list was impressive by hole-in-the-wall Thai joint standards. Actually, it wasn't bad from an objective standpoint either. We'd ordered a few bottles of Reisling, letting the sweetness of the wine counter the spiciness of the food and allowing each diner to bathe in the unfettered air of foodie douchebaggery.\n\nI ordered the BBQ Pork (Moo Yang). It was tasty and I was pretty pleased with it, though it was kind of one-note. Also, it reminded me of the pork I'd eaten at Tu Lan's, a shady Vietnamese place in SF. Now that's not a bad comparison since I LOVED that pork, but I'd expected something a bit more...Thai.\n\nMy wife ordered a green curry dish. She said it was \"okay,\" and indeed, my sampling of it concurred. She groused, though. \"From the reputation of this place, I was expecting to be blown away.\" Yeah, I guess so. Then again, some places shine with their unexpected dishes--their specials and such--while phoning it in on the same ol', same ol'. I guess this could be one of those places. In fact, I hope so. It's really hard to tell since the majority of our group went the \"5 different varieties of curry\" route and they too were mildly disappointed.\n\nSigh.\n\nThe service was good and friendly. My pork was tasty. The wine flowed easily. But most of my group were perplexed and questioned the LoS's reputation. I don't know, man. Why didn't you guys order the whole fish if you wanted to see what they can do?\n\nAs you can see, I'm a bit torn. I'll give LoS the benefit of the doubt and grant them four stars at least. Hopefully I can return someday and see what they can REALLY do.", "This is a true Thai restaurant. Authentic and affordable. We were in Vegas for only four days. We loved this restaurant so much that we went back again before we left. We ordered the tom yum koong, chicken in mint sauce, shrimp spicy fried rice and drunken noodles. All were delicious. We will visit this restaurant again.", "This is probably the best Thai food you can find in the US. We had the Penang Curry, Garlic Shrimp, Barbecued Shrimp, and Soup ... The curry is incredibly complex with a multitude of flavors. We could not get enough of this stuff. The Garlic Shrimp was flawless and cooked perfectly to perfection without being oily.  The barbecued shrimp is served with two sauces one being spicy and sour, the other sweet.  Our waitress Tammy was very helpful and gives great recommendations.", "This is the best Thai food I've ever had! It was a little difficult finding the place, but I'm so glad I had the patience to look for it and eventually dine there. My college town had about 5-6 Thai restaurant, which I have dined at so I know good Thai food when I taste it. This is a definite winner. I order the pad thai noodles, rice, and red curry...really delicious.\n\nI've been here only once and will go again and if this place is consistent, then I will definitely upgrade my rating to 5 stars.", "This place has a Northern Thai focus which is great cause you can find dishes here that are hard to find other places. I don't think I have eaten at a better Thai restaurant in my life.", "This place is a great Vegas adventure! If you want a change from $100+ per person meals on the strip, head to Lotus. It is a hole in the wall. as others have said. The food is outstanding, though. Take a group so you can try as many dishes as possible. Ask for Bill (chef's husband) to serve you. He knows his Thai cuisine and is passionate about wine.", "This place is definitely good, but the best???  Hardly!\nThe prices are high and the portions are small.  \n\nAnd how come you never (or RARELY) see any Thai people (or Asian for that matter!) eating there???   That alone should be a clue people!!   Again, touristy and over-priced!\n\nGo to Komol across the parking lot!!", "Thought I should give this restaurant another try. Yep, it still tastes like chinese food (Greasy, salty, and lots of MSG).", "Went again in July 2011.\n\nHad the Nam Prik Ong as seen on Best Thing I Ever Ate.  We just thought it was okay.\n\nBut got our garlic prawns, pad see ew and both were on point.  We added spicy chicken wings and my wife wouldn't share.  Love this place.", "Went for dinner, make reservations!  We shared the popular crispy rice appetizer.  So many flavors, mint, ginger, garlic, spices, peanuts, I'm sure I'm missing some.  Be sure to order one.  \nI got the cod, I believe it was black cod, steamed on top of steamed cabbage with a spicy pepper sauce on the side.  This was a pretty healthy dish, fish on cabbage I skipped the rice.  He got the duck in a panang curry.  These were huge pieces of duck, easily split this entree.  The duck was seasoned well and crispy from pan frying.  The curry was very good, and medium was a good level of pepper.  They were out of the mango with sticky rice, so we split the coconut ice cream.  The ice cream tasted homemade, chunks of coconut in it.\nAn awesome restaurant!", "What a little gem! We ate lunch here before heading back home on a Monday afternoon. We arrived just as they opened at 11:30AM, and the place filled up very quickly. It was packed and there was a line by the time we left. \n\nWe ordered the Nam-Prik-Ong, as recommended by Ming Tsai and based on the reviews, as well as the crispy duck over Panang curry. We had the coconut ice cream over sticky rice for dessert. The food was absolutely amazing! \n\nThe Nam-Prik-Ong was the perfect blend of spices - savory with a warm spice. It comes with an assortment of things to dip (cucumber, cabbage, green beans, broccoli, cauliflower, fried pork rinds), and you can order a side of sticky rice to go with it. It's a perfect little appetizer. \n\nThe crispy duck over Panang curry was the best crispy duck and Panang curry (separately) I have ever had. The duck is pan fried and has a tasty crisp on the outside and is tender and moist (without tasting fatty) on the inside. It wasn't gamey and tasted better than any chicken I've ever eaten. The curry was deliciously made with just the right amount of creaminess and spiciness. \n\nFor dessert, we shared the coconut ice cream over sticky rice. The ice cream wasn't too sweet or overly coconut-y. The sticky rice was warm and \"marinated\" in a coconut milk mixture that gave it the tiniest bit of saltiness that complemented the ice cream beautifully. \n\nWe went for lunch and there was a buffet for $9.99 per person. We decided to eat off of the normal menu because we wanted to experience what all the hype was about. We ended up spending a lot more between the two of us, but it was well worth it. \n\nThe only thing I wish could've been different is the quantity of food. Although we were full at the end of the meal, it was so yummy that we wanted a few bites more. But that's probably just us being gluttonous.", "Whoa, for some strange reason I haven't written a review on this place; crazy as I've been to Lotus for lunch upwards of 20 times...seriously.  People at my work love this place, and different people have different days they like to go.  Consequently, I think I've been here at least once for each day of the week.  But, as a caveat, I've only done the buffet, although I may be a rebel next time and order off the menu.\n\nAnyways, my experience has been that the food is generally always good; sometimes, it's better on certain days than others.  Like not a specific day of the week, but for example, sometimes it's better on one particular Wednesday than a previous visit on a Wednesday.  \n\nOne person at work eats religiously at Lotus on Tuesdays for the soup.  I personally think the soup is best on Fridays, not the egg drop soup but the other soup (the name of which I can't remember now).  It's mildly spicy, which I appreciate because I don't love super spicy food, and it also has the right amount of saltiness...really, it hits the spot as the chilly weather descends on Vegas.\n\nThere's also really good mint chicken, and the main chicken dish on Wednesdays is delicious!  However, my favorite part of the buffet is the fried banana rolls, which are always present at the buffet party.  Oh-M-Gee, I would marry those things, you know, if I wasn't already married, if it were possible to marry fried rolls, etc., etc.     \n\nI wouldn't necessarily crown Lotus the culinary king of the world but it's consistently good, flavorful and satisfying.  And that gets a good mark in my book!", "With a group of 10 we were able to order more than enough food to sample. \n\nIssan cooking is my favorite type of Thai fare and the dishes we ordered proved that the northern style dishes clearly won over the more traditionally Thai ones.\n\nI've eaten Thai for decades now, in Thailand, in various countries in Asia, in north America and Australia. I can honestly say, this is THE best Thai meal I've had, hands down, outside of Thailand.\n\nWe had a huge array of dishes and my favorites were:\n\nIssan sausage -- these had great texture and the sauce wasn't overly sweet\n\nPad Kee Mow -- the best I've ever had! the perfect amount of greasiness and spiciness. The noodles were slippery just the way they're supposed to be\n\nChili and Mint Duck -- this surprised all of us. The portion was small but the crispy rice on the bottom was enough to send us off the edge -- it was THAT good\n\nNuer Nam Tok -- a version of grilled beef but with toasted rice sprinkled all over giving the sauce a thick consistency which clung to the meat. Absolutely divine.\n\nI'm trying to gather a group to go to Vegas just to visit Lotus of Siam. It is so good I'm craving it right this moment!", "Word on the street is that there are three great Thai restaurants right now: Jitlada (Hollywood), Pok Pok (Portland), and Lotus of Siam (Vegas).  In Fall 2011, Mr R and I set out to try all three.  We lovingly referred to it as our Thai Trifecta, or Thai-fecta, if you will. \n\nWe completed the Thai-fecta in December by visiting Lotus of Siam. \n\nThe place is huge but cleaner and nicer than its strip mall implies. We arrived on a Saturday night at about 8:45 and we were seated after a 5 minute wait.\n\nWe had already studied the menu and knew what we'd order:\n\nNam Kao Tod - it was exactly as I imagined, but still not my favorite dish.  The lime in some Thai foods is not my favorite and this was a spicy, crunchy rice (not like fried rice, but more like a rice krispie) with sour sausage, onions, spice...and lots of lime.  It was pretty spicy so I ate it with cucumbers.\n\nSpicy Drunken Noodles with Prawns - I love drunken noodles and these were pretty good. The prawns were huge and meaty - they still had the shells and little baby legs on them.  I confirmed a few times, \"we eat the shell, right?\" and they said yes. So I did. I could manage the shell but the legs freaked me out a bit.\n\nNam Prick Ong - Mr R loved this and I liked it a lot. Its spicy ground pork with red chiles that you scoop onto vegetables, pork rinds, or sticky rice.  We ordered the sticky rice just to keep our options open, but I really enjoyed it with the carrots and pork rinds. The rice made it more filling and wasn't necessary.  \n\nOverall, Lotus of Siam was good and we'd come back.  \n\nThe entire Thai-fecta was an interesting exercise and while these are three great restaurants known for overall great food and a couple of really unique or famous dishes - I still love my local favorite Thai places."]
[2012, "seaons3"]	["5 for food. 1 for portion size. My tip: Leave your appetite at home. (Just got done with dinner here, now I gotta go get a burger)!", "A long time customer of Lotus. This past Friday I went for the lunch buffet by myself. A 20 minute wait no problem.  My disappointment was the wait staff.  No water or beverage was offered.  I finally got up and took a glass from a water station and helped myself.  The buffer while ok was not monitored and refilled timely.  I made two separate trip 15 min apart for the green chicken curry. Neither time was it refilled. Just a few sad pieces of zucchini floating in sauce.  The same applied to the tempera.  Staff did not acknowledge me or two other tables.  When I went to pay I told the cashier and she said with no concern we are busy.  I said hire more help. You can afford it.  I'll be skipping lunch at Lotus of Siam.", "A very good place to go for Thai food. We ordered the Thai fried rice, green curry, garlic prawn, and the drunken noodles. All food was a bit spicier than expected but I love spicy food. The Thai fried rice was average but everything else was delicious. The drunken noodles had sea bass which was crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside with sweet and spicy noodles. Perfect balance of sweet and spicy along with crunchy and soft. The Curry was very creamy with chicken and bamboo, I usually don't like bamboo but this was amazing. My only complaint was that four dishes cost $80....Delicious food but fairly expensive. The serving sizes are also not very generous....", "A-MA-ZING.  Hole in the wall.  Tons of awards and recognition.  Worth the wait.", "Absolutely delicious Thai food.  Nestled between a few other ethnic restaurants and a swingers club lies Lotus of Siam. Interesting location. Have I had better?  Yes, but that doesn't mean this place isn't worth going out of your way for. I had the bacon wrapped shrimp,  pad see ew, and mint basil beef.  All three were delicious but i could've used more heat.  I over heard other tables being given a spice level choice of 1 to 10, but that option wasn't offered to us. Other than that everything was perfect.  Great food, great service. If you go make a reservation this place has a line before the doors open.  I look forward to my next trip to Lotus.", "At long last, I was finally able to pay a visit to Lotus of Siam after twisting the arms of some friends to go off the strip for a dinner. \n\nThe strip mall in which LoS is located is not easy on the eyes by any stretch, and finding it for the first time may take a great spotter riding shotgun.  However, the inside of the restaurant is nice enough--certainly more so than the outside.\n\nI was most impressed by two of our dishes on the night we went: (1) Tom Yum Kai and (2) Pad Thai. The Tom Yum was, for me, the perfect balance of spicy and sour. Some Tom Yums I've had tend to lean more toward the sweet/sour combo, so I loved LoS' rendition. The broth was pure tasting with the wonderful flavor of lemongrass which was not overpowering. \n\nFor their Pad Thai, LoS uses round noodles, making them different from the flat noodles I've had at every other Thai restaurant I've been to. The sauce for their Pad Thai was otherworldly. \n\nWe also had the mee kraab appetizer, green curry with tofu, and a Northern Thai curry dish with egg noodles and pickled vegetables. The mee kraab was very sweet with a hint of fish sauce, and was enjoyed by all at our table. I particularly loved the green curry, spicy, that was accented with wonderfully-cooked eggplant. And finally, I felt the Northern Thai dish was a bit one-dimensional with a heavy-handed red curry broth. \n\nLoS met the high expectations I had. When I return, however, I'll be sure to tell them to omit MSG from all my dishes, since they cook with it by default (but our server said they'll gladly leave it out upon request). LoS is a welcome respite from the strip--a very \"normal\" restaurant amidst the glitz and glamor of all that Vegas embodies. However, unlike most of Vegas, the quality of the food far outpaces the price.", "Ate there for lunch today.  The food was so amazing!  The fried rice and sour pork appetizer was a bit spicy for my wife, but I found it delectable.  We also had the crispy duck with drunken noodles, the title speaks for itself!  Service was great, and it was not busy as we hit at the end of the lunch rush.  I'll be sure to go back next time I'm in town!", "Best Thai I have ever eaten!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nI am a fan of Top Chef and a couple of weeks ago the show visited Lotus.  My bf and I had a Vegas trip planned, so I thought - why not try it?? I will now be ruined for any future Thai restaurants - that's how good this place is.   \n\nThe restaurant is a hole in the wall, no ambiance but the servers are friendly and attentive... Here's what we ordered:\n\nTom Yum with Prawns (med spice) - the spice level was perfect, continued to build after each bite (or slurp).\n\nTod Muh Plar - fish cakes with cucumber salad, I would actually order the cucmber salad alone (its fabulous).\n\nKang Omon - catfish in a curry sauce, not as liquidy as a normal curry but delicious\n\nNorthern Thai - Khao Soi - noodles and beef (great - I had never tried N Thai food before)\n\nFried banana with honey and coconut ice cream for dessert - I could eat it everyday!\n\nThe food was great, the best Thai I have ever eaten, servers were friendly... I will go back everytime I am in Vegas.", "Best Thai food in Vegas! People take trips here via taxis from the Strip. \n\nFood is dee-lish with a wide range of wine. I eat a lot of Thai food from LA to NY and this place sticks out!\n\nFeatured in Top Chef Master (Las Vegas). When I saw this episode, I was hollaaaaa-ing \"I was there!!\". This place is excellent and always packed. Way worth the trip; try everything! Come hungry.\n\nFood: Sea bass with Pad Kee Mao (5/5)\nDrinks: 2 full cups of the best Thai tea everrrr!! (6/5)", "Best Thai food! The dishes are very authentic! We take a taxi there every time we come to Vegas!", "Best Thai in Las Vegas.  There is a reason Chef Chutima won the the James Beard award a few times, most recently in 2011 for SouthWest best Chef.  The food here is creative and exquisite.  Simple things like the Chicken Satay, is transcended.  It had a moist and delicate taste.  One could even skip the peanut sauce on it.  The Chile spicy wings hit on a lot of notes.  It was sweet and savory at the same time.  The skin was crispy and crunchy and the meat was cooked perfectly.  The Garlic Prawns had a lot of crunch and great garlic taste, without overpowering.  It was like eating little lobsters deep fried to heavenly perfection.  The Stuffed chicken was surprising great.  It was moist and tender on the inside, with the crispy Panco crust on the outside.  The combination Fried rice was flavorful and not greasy.  The best has to be their red dip, Nam-Prik-Ong!  It the flavor profile hits on so many notes.  You can't beat pork on pork (use the pork rinds).  it starts off crunchy and salty.  Then it steps up to hit of sweet and savory.  It finishes with a spicy note at the end of the journey.  I HIGHLY recommend.  It is probably one of the best dishes on the menu.\n\nIt is not located in the best area, a bit off the beaten path.  I think that is why it makes it so extraordinary.  One would not think to find such a ray of light in an otherwise shady part of town.  Having tried many Thai places, this place is on par with one of the best like Pok Pok in Portland.", "Best Thai place on this side of the country.  I've been going to Lotus for over 5 years now and every time I swear it gets better.  From the friendly staff to the amazing food, you cant go wrong here.", "Best Thai restaurant in the US? Hmm... that's a bold statement. I've had a lot of amazing thai food in NYC and not enough Thai food on the west coast or in Las Vegas in particular to make this type of statement. I will bow to the fact that everything is excellent and it makes me want to return to Las Vegas just to try this restaurant one more time.  Next time, I want to bring 10 people so we can order a larger variety of dishes and try a litlte bit of everything.\n\nFrom what I did try, here are my thoughts:\nBeef tar tar: Spicy, but not in an overpowering burnt tongue way. I could really taste the different spices put into that make it burst in your mouth\n\nPrawn salad: Very interesting combination of sweet and spicy. Prawns were huge and seared slightly. Probably the least favorite out of all I ate.\n\nCrispy duck curry: Crispy duck was ... very crispy. I think the coconut milk curry was excellent, but the duck could have been any crispy meat and I wouldn't be able to tell the difference. I just like this because curry is awesome with rice.\n\nChicken pad thai: This was my favorite. I can tell this place is awesome by how amazing they make their pad thai. The noodles didn't stick together and the flavor was evenly distributed across every noodle. The peanut sauce was there for the kick and not overpowering. Chicken was tender and a nice addition.\n\nTom Yum soup: We ordered this after eating everything else because we needed to get a taste of the other popular thing on Thai menus.  Yum. Must try. It wasn't lit on fire like at Jaiya, but it was delicious and the perfect amount of spicy and sour.\n\nOverall, I can't wait to go again. I'm a bit confused why it's in the middle of nowhere, but I'm glad this hasn't stopped people from taking the trek to get there and enjoy.  Be sure to make reservations because this place gets packed by 6:30", "Came in for dinner during the week. I arrived early and the restaurant was already filling up.\n\nI started off with the appetizer Nam Kao Tod - crispy rice mixed with minced sour sausage, green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts and lime juice. This entree was very unique and quite tasty. I followed with the soft shell crab drunken noodles - Pan fried flat rice noodles topped with sauteed soft shell crab, fresh & dry chili and Thai basil served on bed of green lettuce. This was very good and not heavy.\n\nLotus of Siam has the largest variety of Thai dishes in Las Vegas and their quality is very consistent. The prices here are on the higher end but then again you pay for what you get.", "Definitely the best Thai food I've had on the North American continent thus far. It definitely is in a weird location. If you follow the GPS directions you'll probably find an empty storefront. The restaurant is in the lot BEHIND the GPS location that I got. Yes it is in a creepy looking parking lot where it looks you might get \"surprised\" by some unsavory types. \n\nLooks aside the restaurant itself is really clean and the prices are actually on the low end given the trend of high-priced \"Thai\" food in a lot of cities these days. I assure you that the Thai food here is not the \"Thai\" food you get in a lot of places that obviously cater only to white people.\n\nTry the blood vermicelli.", "For all the hype, I was really disappointed in this place. I ordered the Ginger Sea Bass Drunken Noodles with a spice level of 7/10. The fish had good flavor but the rest of the dish fell flat. It was not spicy at all. Yet another Thai restaurant paled in comparison to my favorite Ban Thai restaurant in White Bear Lake, MN.", "Fried bacon wrapped prawns.\nGreen curry chicken.\nCoconut ice cream.\nProtip: Call the cab to bring you back as soon as you get dessert. It will take them a while to arrive and you don't want to sit there like a jerk waiting 15 minutes after you've already paid your bill.\nYou are welcome.", "Good but not Great.\n\nI tried the red curry without coconut milk curry with chicken, the number sixty seven. The sauce was very balanced and excellent. The chicken was undeveloped and dry but even if I ignore the execution of the chicken I can't ignore all the old tasting canned or bottled mini corns that mostly made up my dish. It's a shame because the other vegetables in my dish were very fresh and good and the spice and heat level were excellent.\n\nMy husband had a beef and vegetable platter that was on the next page. The beef in his dish was also undeveloped and almost seemed boiled. Again the sauce was good. The vegetables in his dish were fresh.\n\nBoth dishes were very small portions.\n\nService was quick and efficient.", "Hands down the best Thai food I have ever eaten in USA! :)\nI went there with my parents before going back to LA\nand we ordered the green papaya salad which is really GOOD, we even a second serving for to go :P!!!\nWe also order drunken noodle with duck, tom yum soup, and seabass with suki sauce(forgot the actual name). They are all really good!!\nI am not sure about the authenticity of this place but the taste is hella GOOD!! The price is kinda on the higher side but they are worth it!!\nDefinitely gonna visit there again when I go to Vegas again :).\nThis place is kinda hidden( I almost missed it!) but they have a really big parking space so parking is not a problem here. They also have lunch buffet!", "Health department just issued 40 demerits during a routine inspection.", "Heard about Lotus of Siam on Top Chef Masters.  Every bite I had was incredible!  We tried variety of items: Stuffed Chicken Leg, Bacon Shrimp, Pad Thai, Braised Short Rib in Red Panage, Crab Fried Rice, Fried Bananas.  My favorite was the Crab Fried Rice, it is a must have!!! Get there early,to avoid a Lon wait or make reservations a day or two ahead.  It is a definite must visit again soon!", "Honestly.... just ok... \nthe thai that i have at my building makes the same food.\n1st they had some attitude because we came with 2 less people. the server was not nice at all! \nthe fried prawn with salt and pepper are very good, as well as the crispy rice... everything else was exactly the same than most of thai restaurants...\ni wish they had better staff and better management...\n\ngood thai, but we payed 80 each at the end...", "I am not a fan of Thai food but the family wan't it while we were here Vegas. So I went with the flow and we arrived at 7:30 and the place was packed. Thank goodness for reservations!\nWhen you first arrive it is located on a strip mall and very easy to find. We entered and the place looked kind of small I thought, then while we had to wait for table thought I would go to the bar and have a drink to wait. The place another dining section. While passing through they had a wine room I thought wow! \nHad a drink and looked at the table to see what other diners were eating and the smell of the dishes were making my mouth watery. I was thinking may not be bad at all to try Thai!\nWe sat down and ordered:\nGreen chicken curry= very good\nStuffed chicken wings= very good ( by the way the kids took it down to the bone)\nShrimp Thai salad= awesome \nSome kind of fish( was flaky and a little kick of spice) that was very good\nLobster ( almost like Cantonese style but different seasoning) that was good\nI have to say I had a bad experience long time ago in a Thai restaurant and never tried again but coming here and giving it a shot, wow! I am a fan now of Thai, hope when I get back Jersey I can find a place like this. Love the fish sauce and Thai pepper condiment if you like spice that is it.", "I ate here with 3 dining companions a couple of weeks ago for my 30th\nbirthday.  We were initially going to go to Komol but were swayed by\nthe concierge at the taxi stand after he told us that Lotus of Siam\nwas world famous.  I still am not sure of that distinction but there\nwere pictures of famous people including Mario Batali all around the\nrestaurant with a lady whom I assume is the owner.\n\nWe decided to start off our meals with both the Moo Dad Dea (Pork\nJerky Thai Style) and Golden Tofu.  The tofu was fried perfectly which\ngave it a good texture on the outside that almost made it al dente.\nIt's sweet and sour sauce was nice as well giving the tofu a great\noverall flavor.  The pork jerky was an interesting dish but also good.\n  For some reason it reminded me of some fried pork belly that I had\nenjoyed previously and it was quickly gone between the three meat\neaters at the table.  For my entree I asked the server what the most\npopular dishes in the restaurant were.  He mentioned the crispy duck\nand something else but since I already had been looking at the duck, I\nended up ordering that.  Whenever I was asked how spicy I wanted it on\nscale of 1 to 10, I replied \"Thai Spicy\".  You see in Pittsburgh, Thai\nspicy is somewhere around a 15 or 20 on that scale.  However the\nwaiter said that their Thai spicy was a 7 and I ended up asking him\nfor a 10 instead.  Since I love spicy food it was not necessarily a\nmistake but I did have tears in my eyes during most of the meal.  I\nalso had two other dining companions that could not finish their meals\ndue to the spice level with one of those dishes only being a 5.  So I\nwould have to recommend that you are careful in the spice level that\nyou order here.  Anyways, my crispy duck ended up tasting good, at\nleast what I could taste of it beyond the heat.  It was not at all\ngreasy and had some crunch whenever I bit into it.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in\nthe future.  I really enjoyed their food and also noticed some other\ninteresting looking dishes on their menu that I would like to try\nwhenever my mouth wasn't on fire.", "I been here twice and I think there food is good, but not the best Thai food I every ate. I think a lot of people like this place because you can see a lot of famous people who eat here. But I think there food is good but over price. They do have a lot of choices and such, but I still don't understand what the big deal is maybe I haven't gotten anything special here that why I feel that way.", "I don't live in Vegas, so when I saw there website I was super surprised walking in. It was much more down to earth, (props to whoever prepared there site). We didn't make reservations but took about 40 mins to sit down, which was understandable, they were busy and not a huge restaurant. I ordered jackfruit and curry which had a nice spice to it. It was my first time having jackfruit, it was different, but good, not an explosive flavor. The curry was extremely good. I'm not surprised that this restaurant is such a hit with the locals.", "I have been missing out!\n\nThis place was on my bookmark list for forever now...and I made it a point with my friends that we had to check this place out. I am a huge fan of thai food and most Thai food places in OC are bleh and mediocre. I have been hearing nothing but good reviews of this place so I was super excited to check it out finally.\n\nMy friends and I came here for an early dinner on a Thursday.We came and they said it would be a 45 minute wait and they would call my cell when a table opens up. So next time I will be sure to get reservations... thankfully the wait was less than that. My friends and I decided to do family style and get some different dishes to share. We got:\n\n-Crispy duck with cognac sauce: i LOVE duck and this dish was amazing. It was my friends and mine's favorite dish. \n-Pad thai: Best pad thai Ive ever had. very flavorful and noodles cooked just right.\n-Pineapple fried rice: Delish! very flavorful and good.\n-Duck green curry: Yum I love thai curry and this was really good and flavorful.\n-Beef with basil: Very good but was okay in comparison to the other dishes\n-Mango and sticky rice with coconut ice cream: Thai food is not complete until you get this dish. The rice had a really pretty scent and slight taste of Jasmin. The mangos were perfectly riped. So good!\n\nFor sure, going onwards I am stopping by here on every Vegas trip onwards. Food is amazing! Service was very friendly and efficient. They have a great selection of wines too. Its a bit pricey here but it is well worth it.", "I have eaten here a couple times and know their is a huge cult following here. However, I have left unimpressed to the expectations both times. The Pad Thai is chewy and overcooked and the curry's have been underwhelming, I actually prefer Komol in the same shopping center and honestly feel that Thai food in Vegas is lost here compared to Seattle.", "I lived in Thailand for 8 months some years back, and am usually disappointed by Thai food in the US.  Its too timid, too sweet, or just plain not great.  And Thai food should be great.  Well, last night I was transported back to the streetside restaurants of Bangkok, and ate the best Thai meal I have enjoyed since I left that jewel of a country.  Here are a few highlights: som tam - as bombing as it should be, but if you don't like spice stay away from that one!  Snow crab with ginger, apples, lime and more.  Wow!  An entire deep fried catfish that was the most perfectly fried fish you can imagine, and came served with some incredible sweet and spicy sauce; crispy duck in green curry that was the best prepared duck I have ever had (think a skin that defines crispy, succulent meat, and not a drip of fat to be found), in a super flavorful curry with bamboo shoots; Chinese broccoli with deep fried pork lardons - call the doctor!  And many other great dishes we could share with our large party.  Some of the stuff just came out from the kitchen when they realized we were not there for Pad Thai and spring rolls.  In every way, the service was exceptional, and when the bill came I could not have been more happy.  After two days of overpriced Strip restaurants that offer more flash than flavor, this was just what the doctor ordered - authentic, huge flavors and great value.  There is a good reason why so many people rave about this place.  It rocks!  Kap khun kap Lotus of Siam!", "I must be fair - I only tried the lunch buffet for $10.99.  The menu fare may be OK.  However the buffet was reminiscent of a train station in Bangladesh.  Probably the worst buffet I've ever been to in my life!  The $10.99 price actually means it was indisputably the worst.  There was exactly one Thai item - a yellow curry chicken sauce.  Otherwise it was a very cheap Chinese buffet in disguise.  The yellow curry was even \"today's special!\"  I guess normally they don't even have that.  The \"buffet\" covered about 10 sq ft - postage stamp size.   I'm not kidding folks, this was incredibly bad.  Only go there if you're in front of the restaurant, starving, barefoot, the outside temp is 105, and you're a multi-millionaire.", "I revisited this place on a recent visit to Vegas as upon offering some dining options to people Thai sounded like the most exciting choice and I felt like if they wanted Thai in Vegas well then I'd have to give Lotus of Siam another try. I felt the exact same way on my second visit to the first. Nothing blew me away with deliciousness or culinary execution. I was most impressed by the menu and the variety of offerings and especially the presence of so many dishes I've never seen before on a menu at a Thai restaurant. I ordered the jack fruit curry (because I've never seen it before) and enjoyed it but wasn't blown away. This place is pretty far off the Strip so if you're not driving it makes it difficult to get to. We had a party of 8 which made logistics of getting us there and then back to our various destinations a little tricky. Plus when you come out here you really in the desert as we were left trying to figure out what to do to kill time for our 45 minute wait. If you have the forethought call ahead and put your name in so you don't end up in that same dilemma. \n\nIn conclusion, I said it before and I'll say it again? I would hesitate to call this the best Thai, it might be the most authentic but I can't really comment on that. It'll definitely give you a different look than your typical Thai place and if you really like Thai food that might be enough of an excuse to check it out.", "I went to LOS and the food was good, I had the drunken shrimp prawn, they were tasty but the noodles were stuck together so I asked the waiter is that what makes them drunken. I had the crispy duck with red curry, I didn't care for that at all. I had the crab fried rice it was very delious I would take the trip there to eat that again. Most people were there to have the buffet which looked good. We got there around 11:00 and we were second in line. The service was fast and the waiters were helpful. I say try it for a new experience.", "I've come here several times over the last two years.  I still love this place, and is by far my favorite Thai restaurant in Vegas.  However the same dish can vary a bit each time.  For example, level 6 spiciness is not always the same sometimes hotter sometimes milder and also the ingredient change too although overall the dish is still familiar.  On our last visit, I noticed the portions have gotten alot smaller too.  I would rather the prices increase than the portions getting smaller.\n\nNonetheless, I love this place for the extensive wine list which is rare for most Thai places.  Secondly, the service is always good in spite of it being crazy busy almost all the time.", "If you're debating Lotus of Siam or Komol, then let me help you out, Lotus of Siam!  We were in the same predicament the other day, and wrongfully chose Komol.  You can read my review.\n\nLotus of Siam had their lunch special buffet.  Choices are limited, probably like 6 main dishes, and 3 sides to choose from. Loved the friend chicken wings, loved the fried rice.  The pad thai wasn't very good though.  The stir fried was okay.  The fried bananas were okay..  The fried curry was gross.", "It had been over a year since I visited Vegas (the horror!) so I had a long time to build up LOS in my mind as I anticipated my next trip. I heard great things about the restaurant from some local foodies, and hundreds of Yelp reviews echoed the same praise.\n\nOur 30 minute wait went by quickly as we read all the articles about LOS in the lobby. We were hungry and overwhelmed by the menu, but our waiter was very helpful in making suggestions. He brought over the sommelier to help us find a wine that would go with our dishes. The Riesling was an absolute knockout and an astounding value at $38.\n\nThe waiter recommended the duck panang for my husband and drunken noodles with tofu for me. My husband was in love with his dish despite the fact that he usually is indifferent about duck. He said the crispy skin reminded him of cracklins, only better. I loved my drunken noodles too. The thick, wide rice noodles were drowning in a great brown sauce and topped with fried tofu and basil. We finished up with fried bananas and ice cream (the mango was unavailable). The server who brought it out instructed us on the best way to eat the dish, something I always appreciate.\n\nIt was a spectacular meal and lives up to the \"best Thai in the country\" reputation. We've been recommending LOS to all our friends with the gentle reminder to ignore the gay bathhouse in the same strip mall.", "Leave the strip and get the best Thai I have had in a long time!", "Let me paint a picture for you.  You're walking on the decrepit sidewalks of Old Las Vegas.  The smell of sewer is ripe.  There are meth addicts accosting you for change .  However, you have a mission.  The mission, if you choose to accept it, is to eat the best Thai food in North America.  I, and I hope you, choose to accept it!\n\nI've eaten here twice.  The first time I got Tom kha kai and the special duck breast with drunken noodles.  The soup is INTENSELY flavorful.  The magic of Thai cuisine is the perfect balance of sweet, salty, sour, and piquant.  If you increase one, you have to increase the others.  Obviously, if you go overboard with any of them, the dish is ruined.  The soup was a perfect example of this philosophy - it was as flavorful as it could possibly have been.  If there was 1 more grain of salt, 1 drop of lime, it would have been too much.  The line of perfection is skirted so asymptotically, you'll think there IS no 99.99999999999%.\n\nYou'd think that, but you'd be wrong.  That extra 9 at the end?  The Tom yum goong will take you there.  Intense is all I can say - you cannot prepare your taste buds for the shock they will receive during a single bowl of this.  \n\nThe duck was cooked absolutely perfectly.  Crispy, delicious skin, perfectly rendered, tender meat.  The noodles were spicy, and perfectly complimented the duck.  \n\nThe Pla Laad Prik (whole fried fish with pepper sauce) was incredible.  It's exactly what it sounds like.  And it's delicious.\n\nOn top of all the incredible food (and to tame the heat, you are getting it spicy, right?), they have a huge list of Rieslings which are not only a perfect compliment to the meal, but are extremely reasonably priced.  \n\nForget whatever silly plans you had for a couple hours one night in Vegas; spend them here, getting a meal you will never forget.", "Little hole in the wall Thai restaurant became really big. Why? You need to go and taste for yourself. The best in the country. Portions are small for some but absolute best.", "Lotus of Siam has to be one of the top Thai restaurants I've come across. I am so grateful I caught an episode of a morning Fox local LV show that featured Joe Bastianich (Masterchef Judge) referencing it as a must eat when he's in town. I have to agree with Joe. \n\nDon't let the stripmall location fool you, inside you'll find a large restaurant with lots going on. I arrived just before closing on a Tuesday night and there were dozens of people still present enjoying their delicious meals. I took Joe's recommendation and ordered the spicy beef salad which was out of this world! We also had the spicy fried rice (chicken) and the pad na noodles. Everything was so delicious, including the fried wontons which had tons of flavor. We skipped dessert but enjoyed a nice bottle of wine. Everything was fairly priced and the service was great. I will definitely be returning every time I'm in town.", "Lotus of Siam is THE BEST Thai in town.  Or anywhere, for that matter.  Seriously, it has ruined Thai food for me.  I won't even go to any other neighborhood spot.  It's that good!\n\nYou must get the crispy garlic prawns (deep fried, wow), and yes, you must eat the shell.  Mmmmmmmmmmmm\n\nAnd the other MUST is the whole deep fried catfish.  Amazing!  Everyone always looks at our plate when they bring it out.  There are two flavors of it, but we always get the sweet & sour.  \n\nThe service has gotten better ever since they expanded the restaurant.  The wine list is out of control!  My husband is a sommelier and loves going to this restaurant.  They don't mark it up very much, so it's fun to experiment with wines that at other places would be twice the price.\n\nI always take my out of town guests here.  Truly a gem!", "Lotus of Siam is good ... and probably great if you don't live in a major city or metropolitan area where good Thai food is accessible.  But it is overhyped and I don't think is really worth the drive out here unless you really don't have a good Thai place in your hometown.  I can name 3 in the Bay Area I think are just as good and or better, and two in the DC metro area that are up there too (places I used to live so there are more out there obviously).\n\nGot here on a Saturday by 5:30 and there were a lot of people already here.  There was a large party that ordered a ton of food, so it took us about 30 minutes for me to get my cup of Tom Kha Khai.  It's good, but it tasted A LOT like plain ol' Tom Yum Soup with cream in it.  So it wasn't as special as I thought it would be.  Around 6:20, twenty minutes after my soup arrived, my entrees still weren't coming, and I had to catch a show at 7pm so we asked for it to go.  They were pretty quick after I asked for it to go, and extremely nice about it.  \n\nWe got the crispy duck with drunken noodles.  The crispy duck was very very good, but the drunken noodles were just meh.  I liked the chilis and peppers the crispy duck was fried with.  It reminds me of crispy fried pork chops at Chinese restaurants with the chilis, but it had this special brown sauce on it that made it sweet and extra good.  We also got the Khao Soi.  This was my favorite dish, but the portion was too small!\n\nWe also got Pad See Ew which was standard, and Massaman Curry which was good, but I actually felt was below standard.  I definitely didn't like that the potatoes were undercooked, and that there were boiled grape tomatoes in it.  My boyfriend also ordered chicken dumplings which were ALL RIGHT.  They were so tiny and it was $6 for 6 tiny ass little dumplings.  All in All we spent over $90 for thsi meal and thought it was kind of expensive, especially when we thought of our favorite Thai places from our hometown.  I think you can skip it if you've had good Thai food before.  The food on the strip isn't THAT terrible that you need to cab out here.", "My favorite Thai restaurant so far. Both the roasted and crispy duck was delish and I don't even like duck. I love the sea bass with drunken noodles too.\n\nI'm glad that I tried the crispy rice appetizer that's so popular but I'm not a fan. If you're into crunchy, sour and spicy bits of rice then this dish is for you. \n\nWill def be coming back next time I'm in Vegas...", "Note to self: make reservation! I went there w 3 of my my friends, we didn't think reservation is needed since it's 8:30 Monday night. After 30 min wait, we ordered Thai papaya salad, crispy prawns, drunken noodles w sea bass, Panang curry w fried tofu, and pineapple fried rice.  I got mixed feeling for the food. I really liked the crispy prawns and the drunken noodles but didn't care much for the rest. To start : the papaya salad wasn't very presentable. It looked like it was the end of the batch w. lots of broken strands of papaya on a mess of a plate. The curry was dry and not creamy. Let just say for the amount of money we spent there (100 bucks including tips for all the food), this was too expensive .", "Now this is what god intended when he created Lotus of Siam.  The food here is to die for.  My husband is Asian,so we eat a lot os Asian inspired food, but this place is high above the rest.  Actually, the yellow curry with chicken, and this broth, oh were having Lotus of Siam for dinner.  hmmmmmm, I can't wait, maybe i'll get the pineapple fried rice, with everything in it, and the potsticker, oooooohhhhhhh so good.", "One of the best Thai food restaurants I have tried. The garlic prawns are amazing! Also recommend their chili mussels! Everything I have tried here were delish", "One of the best thai places I've ever been to EVER! Doesn't look like much when you roll into it, but man...great stuff once you get in there. The restaurant has solid wine offerings, and a variety of beer/alcohol on top of the wine.\n\nThe only thing I regret about my venture to the Lotus was that I was slightly inebriated before showing up. I can't remember what I ate, but the Pad See-ew (sp?) was great! It's usually my go-to and standard for thai places, so this place definitely passes muster. My bro also got some kinda curry dish that was delish, but I have no clue what it was. \n\nDo yourself a favor and grab some grub there, you will not be disappointed.", "Pad Thai was excellent! I went here at the tailend of the lunch buffet, so the food had been in the warming trays for a while. I was by myself (yes, I ate alone), and thought it would be best to do the buffet so I could try more things. Like I said, the pad thai was excellent. The chicken curry was good and had a kick. I think I'll need to come back with more people to order off the menu for food that is made to order or come right at the begining of the buffet lunch. They have bottled Fiji water here (note to self mostly).", "Simply, best of the best. A true gem of Vegas", "So, I heard so much about this place and finally made it.... Honest to say the food was really not all that great, It was either to sweet or just too sour. Our server really was not in the mood to give us recommendations. And I also think it is overpriced for the the amount of food. The restaurant itself overall is nice, but I think it is way too over rated.", "Some damn good food! the buffet here at lunch is great , def try it out best thai food in vegas", "Some dishes they're known for:\n\nDrunken Noodle = Quite spicy, good flavor\nCrispy Duck = Nice deep fried crunchy texture\nCrispy Rice Appetizer = Very sour, crunchy rice, unique\nJackfruit Curry = bland soup (not curry as you think), not worth getting\nPad Thai = Good, authentic\n\ntip: for the drunken noodle, you can save some money by getting the mixed seafood version (12.95), and not the seabass ($20+), or the softshell crab ($19) version... if you just want to try the flavor.\n\nAlso, go early or super late, this place gets PACKED fast! We went Sunday night at 5:30 right when they opened for dinner. The place was half full when we sat down. By the time we left, the lines were out the door and it was a zoo. Make a reservation.", "Someone told me this was the \"best Thai food outside of Thailand\".  With that kind of a  claim, I had to try it out.  I was in Vegas for a conference, so I made it a point to get over to Lotus and punched the address into the GPS. \n\nWe got there around 4pm, it was located off the strip.  When we got there, I was thinking \"this is it?\".  It was a HUGE, deserted strip mall, with a very empty parking lot.  All of the store fronts were plain and faded, definitely wasn't feeling very Vegas here.\n\nYou can't see into the restaurant, so we opened the door apprehensively and poked our heads in.  First thing you noticed is every square inch on their walls is covered with photos of celebrities eating there. The restaurant is pretty big, but was more or less empty when we sat down to order.\n\nAdmittedly, we didn't make the best selections in terms of gauging the true authenticity.  I had Curry Duck, my friend had Curry Tofu and my other friend had BBQ Chicken.  My 2 friends had never had Thai food before, so I sort of held back.  Had I gone with more experienced Thai food eaters, I probably would have ordered several dishes to eat family style.  But I didn't want to risk it with them, since the prices are a little higher and we couldn't take anything back to the conference with us.\n\nHowever, the food was still great and both of my friends couldn't stop talking about how good it was, and how they had to bring their wives the next time.  My friend that ordered the chicken was stoked, since his order was huge, practically an entire chicken.\n\nWhen we looked up from our meals, the restaurant, was packed!  Not a table in the house was available.  On our way out, I looked on some of the other tables and some of the seafood dishes I saw looked amazing.  I will definitely be returning here and next time, plan on trying many more, unique dishes.\n\nNOTE: can't remember if it was Andrew Zimmern or Anthony Bourdain, but saw on TV that one of them went here and said the Northern dishes are their specialties, and to just order those.", "This Thai restaurant blows all others in the U.S. off the charts based on the scale of the wine list, the menu options, and the quality of the food. What other Thai restaurant includes a whole page of \"Northern Thai\" specialties, or has so many varieties of seafood options? Everything that I saw served here looked amazing. My dinner date and I enjoyed a very tender Satay to begin, some Tom Kha Kai soup that was beautiful and extraordinary, and two incredible entrees. My friend had Pad Thai -- I tasted some of it, and it was among the best I've experienced and in large portions. I enjoyed the Drunken Noodles with seafood. For $12.99, my plate was filled with large egg noodles, a spicy sauce, and huge chunks of lobster, crab, scallops and shrimp. This may be the best value in Vegas, and it truly is one of the best Thai restaurants in the U.S.", "This is the best Thai food I've had outside of Thailand.  It is an awesome restaurant with super fresh ingredients and authentic flavors.  Portions are a bit smaller than what I'm used to from a Thai restaurant, so it makes it a little bit more expensive than I'm used to...but it's WORTH it!!  You'll see some celebrities inside the restaurant and on the walls but it's not high end.  It's in a strip mall out in the middle of no where.  Well, not really, but when you're used to the thousands of people on the strip, this is a nice get away.  Do expect to wait!  There's some shady asian bar next door and a church in the same plaza HA! Lots of free parking.  \n\nWhat my friends do is we order it to go and take it back to our hotel rooms, that way we can get ready for going out as well as having food readily available.  It is still good after being in to go containers.  They are very good about sending orders out in their to go containers!!", "This is the greatest wine list in Las Vegas, and the best Thai restaurant I've ever been to by a wide margin. Located in a dumpy strip mall off of Sahara Boulevard, it serve astonishingly good Thai food; in fact, the chef won the James Beard award last year! Best of all is an award winning wine list where many of the wines are priced below retail. We put our group in the waiter's hands, and he delivered eight or ten terrific appetizers and shared entrees, each better than the last. I took the opportunity to pillage the wine list, and although some of my selections couldn't be found, we ended up with some stunners. Where else can you find an affordable Clos de Tart from a great year? That bottle alone was over $1000 on the list at Picasso, a fifth that here.", "This place is as tasty as cotton candy, as authentic as its culture and the food is beyond delicious. There is no place like it West of Missicippi river? Is that how you spell Missiccipi? Server has good attitude. I order S1 it was great. We were in and out in less than 35mn on our way back to LA.", "This place is surprising.  It's in a crappy looking run down shopping center and as you enter, it's a very narrow entryway.  When you get inside though, they have a big wine cellar (they have pages and pages of wines) and pictures of celeberties on the wall.  The food is absolutely great and reasonably priced.  It was packed in there within 15 minutes of opening for dinner.  The Rad Nah and the Tom Ka Gai soup were some of the best I've had.  I recommend this place, for sure!", "This place looks like a dump on the outside, but boy is it yummy on the inside!  For lunch, they have a mini buffet that has a decent selection (including fruit).  In no particular order, here's what we ordered (I apologize in advance for not having the proper names of things, but I just can't remember):\n\ndrunken noodles with fish (entree) - YUM.  The noodles were a bit greasy, but the fish was perfectly fried - lightly crispy on the outside, and tender on the inside.  The flavors were also incredible, lots of basil goodness, for those who love that.\n\nraw shrimp (appetizer) - yes, the shrimp was raw, but if you can get past that, this dish is definitely worth trying.  it comes with this really tasty dipping sauce that's spicy, but not in the ah ah flaming hot way, but the savory rich way.  You like spicy?  You like sour?  Try this dish!\n\nraw steak tartare (appetizer) - the flavors in here were amazing.  the closest I can come to describing it is that it's a bit like the cold chinese beef five spice dish, with more thai flavors mixed in.  I know that that description is pretty much no description at all, but if you like spicy and you like meat, you should definitely give this a try.\n\nscallops with mint chili sauce - oh god so good.  the scallops were cooked to perfection, and that sauce...well, I could drink it as soup with a side of rice.  It's not overwhelmingly minty, and also has a nice kick of cilantro to it.\n\ntom yum soup - really really sour, with a hint of spice - we got the \"for two\" bowl (medium size), and shared with four people, which was really the perfect amount for an appetizer.  There were lots of big juicy prawns inside, and also some mushrooms and chili oil.\n\nbeef salad - our waiter recommended this to us, as one of the most popular dishes, and I can certainly see why.  This was probably my favorite (though ironically, I can't remember the thai name for it).  The beef was really tender (I think they marinated it or something beforehand), and it was served over a bed of lettuce with onions, lime juice, and a hint of ginger.  The dish was pretty saucy, though, so you'll definitely need some rice to eat with it.\n\nThis place is pretty pricey, especially anything with seafood in it, so be prepared to spend some dough.  My experience with Thai food up until this place was pretty much pad thai and basil chicken, so this place really opened up my eyes to just how incredible Thai food can be.  And if you're like me, and don't really like the coconut-y, peanut-y side of Thai food, rest assured that this place has plenty of other spicy/sour items for you to try if that's what floats your boat.  The menu is absolutely humongous, and if you go with a group, everyone should be able to find at least one item they'd like to eat.", "This place was amazing.  I love thai food, but this is the first place that was really interesting, and had more than the typical dishes.  I had a beef tartar that was SO spicy.  I asked for a solid 9/10 on the spice, and boy did it melt my face.  The server could see my tears of joy and pain, so brought a little bit of a sweet white wine to cool my mouth down.\n\nAfter scooping what was left of my face off the table, I had some of my gf's dish.  It was a seafood curry thing that was amazing as well.", "Very good food. Pad Thai was very tasty and flavorful. Line was out the door on a Thursday. I ordered for pick up so I didn't have the chance to dine in. However, the place looked very welcoming inside with a large wine cellar in the front.", "WTH was I thinking when I decided to go back to LOS? I must be a glutton for punishment or something. After reading the recent comments in the Yelp Talk section about LOS being the Best Thai food in America, I decided to give them another try. I can't blame this mistake on caffeine deficiency, this time the mistake comes down to stupidity on my part for going back to a place that sucked the first time. LOS failed badly. Let's break down my descent into Thai hell that just happened. \n\n1: If there's a line of people waiting to get in good luck getting out. The way the narrow front entrance is setup is a safety hazard at best, a code violation at worst.  \n2: Wait staff can't even figure out how to open a bottle of wine. Saw that first hand 6 feet from me. Perhaps staff members should go watch YouTube and learn how to open a bottle without making it look like a broadway production to do so. For a place that milks that wine list hard, having staff that knows how to open the bottles is to be expected. What I saw was...well I started to wonder what he really wanted to do with the bottle from all the contortions he was going through to open it. \n3: 19 minutes from time of order until my plate arrived? Komol makes the same plate in exactly 1/2 the time. Yes I timed it. I ordered like for like and compared times. \n4: Portion size? Komol offers you more food at less cost. Seriously. I left hungry. At Komol I don't. \n5: Service. Is it too much to ask to get soy sauce? Good luck getting anyone's attention to get it, much less give you your check. \n6: That vaunted 50 page wine list of theirs is double and triple spaced, and frankly it ain't all that. I looked. Trust me I needed something to do while waiting on my food. \n7: Speaking of cost, I can order Chili Mint Chicken with an egg roll, ginger salad, and Thai Iced Tea and even with leaving a 25% tip at Komol it was still half the cost of LOS's Chili Mint Chicken, egg roll and Thai iced tea. I chose a simple dish so that I could compare them fairly. \n8: Speaking of Thai iced tea, it wasn't made properly and didn't taste as good as stuff I've had in LA and elsewhere here in Vegas.\n\n\nAnyone that thinks LOS is the Best Thai Food in America is downright delusional and really needs to get out and explore more. Komol kicks LOS's rear end. And they are light years away from the quality of food at Penn's Thai House. Best in Las Vegas? Yeah, not buying that claim either. I know this review may irritate a few diehard LOS defenders but if a place sucks, it just sucks. Call it as it is and be respected for speaking your mind vs. trying to prop up a place that doesn't deserve it. \n\n1 Star, under protest. \n\nMaybe I should get some Syrup of Ipecac as the food's not making my stomach happy either.\n\nEdit: 24 hours after I posted this LOS gets Yelp's Review of the Day? Wow. They don't deserve the recognition.", "Warning: this \"authentic\" thai food is pre-packaged and most of their sauces and bases are manufactured in places where the food regulations aren't as stringent as US guidelines. There are liberal amounts of MSG in their food too. I asked the server if I could get something without MSG and he said, \"ok, we won't add any extra to your dish.\" what?? I don't want any to begin with. The server then explained that the pre-packaged sauces come with MSG in it. The he followed up with \"well, there's not too much in there.\" I doubt it, and he was becoming visibly frustrated that I was insistant that something on their menu had to be actually made from scratch, and not reheated or reconstituted. \n\nI've had much better Thai food, the food here is nothing special. think it's a shame that all these Yelpers are reviewing how great this food is when it's pre-made and flavor-enhanced with Monosodium Glutamate. Sure you save a few bucks by not eating on the strip, but you exchange a slice of your health and soul in the process. Enjoy the chemicals, sheeple.", "We don't really eat a lot of Chinese or Thai food at all but we had to try this since everyone says its the best out there.\n\nWe went here twice with a large group and was able to share a lot of the dishes. We had:\n\nStuffed chicken (ok)\nReg chicken wings (pretty good)\nduck with drunken noodles (good)\nbraised beef (pretty good)\ngarlic prawns (ok)\nseabass (ok)\nduck pho (nothing special)\n\nFrom our experience we weren't too impressed but neither of us are crazy about Thai or Chinese food but I can see how people can like this since it's pretty flavorful.", "We had beef pad thai and their special, #68 (difficult to remember spelling, kaag omm?), for 20.\n\n- Hidden gem fail. You'd think this place would be great: delicious food at a ridiculously cheap price, bc its in some ghetto plaza, but it was far from a diamond in the roof.\n- YES! when  you go inside, its beautiful. Pretty pictures, nice tables, and huge selection of wines. They even have a bar. \n- This place needs to be in downtown! Deceiving!\n- I ADMIT! pad thai tasted great. but if you can finish it in literally 5 big bites for $10, NO WAY. Filler FAIL!\n- 68: inedible. They put so many different spices to get the right flavor, that at when you're almost finished with it, you can't eat it bc the curry has too much spices and crap. \n- The bowl is CURRY (which to me, honestly is soup, lol, but really not bc its just without coconut milk) is about the size of a bowl of cereal or as much as you get when you make maruchan. haha\n- This place should be called TAPAS of Siam!!!", "Went here for New Year's Eve 2012. Great service. Unbelievable food. Grouper with drunken noodle was amazing. The coconut shrimp soup was fabulous. The fried rice with sausage appetizer should not be missed -- some of the best flavors I've ever had. Wine list is amazing. Get a good dry Riesling.\n\nI plan to come here every time I'm in Vegas.", "What are you waiting for? Go, go on, There's nothing holding you back. Pick up the phone make reservations, gas up the ride, and drive to Lotus of Siam. Now! \n\nI have been twice so I have barely scratched the surface. Literally everything I have tasted has been 5 star. The Nam Prik Ong was the dish on Best Thing I Ever Ate that lead me here other than that I have no recommendations. Well I do have an admonition, don't get the Pad Thai. You can get that shit at home son. It is great but why waste a trip to the best Thai food you have ever had by ordering the most mundane item on them menu? You don't go to Ruth's Chris for a burger do you? No you want a porterhouse with fennel butter. Don't go to Lotus of Siam for the Pad Thai come on man.\n\nMan... I am getting hungry just thinking about this.", "Why did it take so long for me to finally get out to this place? Everything was excellent from service to food! The Crispy Duck over Drunken Noodles was amazing! Makes me sad that I don't live in Vegas.\n\nThe green chili dip was good too. It was different than I was expecting. It was more of a roasted chile, cilantro, vinegar, mix. Cant complain about anything that you eat on top of pork rinds! \n\nIf you are on the fence about visiting this place, go! Its worth the taxi fare if you are visiting and staying on the strip. If you don't like taxis, you can take the Deuce North to Sahara and take the Sahara Express east. There is a stop not too far from the strip mall where Lotus lives. \n\nIf Im ever back in Vegas, Lotus of Siam is definitely on my list!\n\nOh, one more tip....Make reservations!", "Widely viewed as one of the best Thai restaurants in the country.  From everything I've read the key is to order off of the Northern Thai section of the menu, as the regular Thai staples apparently aren't exponentially better than other places .  When we went here we followed that advice and the meal knocked our socks off.  Over a year later I still wish I could go back again to order the Nam Khao Tod and the Crispy Duck.  Highest of high fives.", "Wow! This has got to be one of the best Thai restaurants I have ever been to! And this is coming from a girl who has been to the \"good Thai places\" in Hollywood aka Thai-town. I have to say at first I was skeptical because the exterior looked like the run down part of downtown LV but all that changes once you step inside the restaurant...what Thai restaurant has a glass wine cellar? The wait (good sign) was about 30 min: long enuff for us to look over the menu to decide what we wanted to try. When we saw what was brought out to other tables, the food looked so good that we had to change what we were going to order to what we saw! We were definitely getting more excited as the time drew nearer...\nI know that at Asian restaurants, a bunch of white people is usually not a good sign because that means that the food might not be authentic and made \"Americanized\". It was a packed house with about 50% white folks.. Got me a lil worried, but boy this time, the white folks must've known something the Asian population wasn't aware of... Rundown of our dishes:\n1) Tom Kum kah: coconut soup. Was ok. Nothing special.\n2) Garlic prawns: highlight of the evening. The seasoning was the perfect balance of salt, garlic, and pepper. The exact seasoning you would expect if you order Chinese style stir fried garlic crabs. The most surprising part of the dish was how it was prepared: with the prawn shelled but with the shell semi- attached at the tail. First, you eat the perfectly seasoned prawn. Then, you got to enjoy the bonus: the crispy prawn shell. Biting into the shell was like biting into a crispier version of chicharron ( crispy pig skin). I have never seen prawn prepared this way. WHY hasn't any other chef/ restaurant ever thought of that?!!! Lotus of Siam, thank you for this ingenious foresight......\n\n3) crispy duck in panang curry: we had originally planned to order the crispy duck with Chili n mint leaves, but our waiter suggested we order this version since we already had a similarly flavored dish. What great knowledge of the staff to provide helpful tips! He was dead on to make this suggestion. My friend krystal kept raving about the sauce. I think if she was not in public, she may have licked the plate!! LoL!!!\n\n4) drunken noodle with sea bass: at first we contemplated ordering this dish.. It was the most expensive thing we ordered at $30, but we were sold when a patron leaving the restaurant overheard our discussion and urged us to order it saying it was \"the reason why we come here\". With a reference put that way, we needed no further convincing! The sea bass was extremely fresh n flaky. The drunken noodles were perfectly wok'd: you could taste the \"fire\" of the wok. A sign that the wok has been well seasoned and the chef knows how to use that to intensify the foods being cooked in it. Awesome dish!\n\nAlas, we were too full to order dessert but the fried bananas with ice cream looked so good that we'll have to come back next time to try it. Oh YES, there will definitely be a NEXT time.. :)\n\nTotal for our party of 4: $103. Not bad at all.. I'd come here any day over a buffet!!"]
[2012, "season1"]	["***Lotus of Siam is a very good Thai restaurant and easily the best value I've ever had in Vegas, which is filled with overpriced and mediocre restaurants***\n\nLotus of Siam is a very well respected Thai restaurant in Las Vegas (it recently won a James Beard award).  The restaurant is off The Strip but not too far away.  The restaurant is located in a deserted kind of strip mall and has a no frills decor, but it is nice enough.  The restaurant is clean and has warm colors (the walls are outfitted with many photos--I guess with pictures of celebrities though I did not take a close look).  The restaurant is also bigger than I expected and was very busy (luckily, we had reservations).\n\nThe menu at Lotus of Siam is huge.  There is an unbelievable number of dishes and they range from all kinds of proteins (beef, pork, shrimp, chicken, many kinds of fish) to many different types (soups, salads, noodles, appetizers, and so on).  We tried several things.  Here is the rundown.\n\n(Deep fried chicken wings stuffed with ground pork and served with sweet and sour sauce).  The chicken wings were moist and flavorful as well as crispy (and not greasy).  The sauce was thin and mostly sweet.\n\n(Tom Yum Kung hot and sour soup with shrimp, lime juice, lemongrass, and straw mushrooms) The soup had a strong citrus flavor as well as good fragrance from the fresh herbs.  There was a very generous portion of shrimp, which were plump and moist.  The soup was surprisingly spicy and left quite the tingling on the tongue.\n\n(Thai Beef salad with onion, tomato, chili, lime juice, and greens) I liked this one more than my friends, who were surprised by its lack of salad-ness.  The salad was mostly a stir fry, but the meat was nicely cooked and had a good flavor.  I liked the lime flavor as well as the moistness of the plate.\n\n(Charbroiled prawns with garlic black pepper sauce) The prawns were big, moist and tender.  The garlic black pepper sauce was good and not too overpowering.\n\n(Pad Thai with chicken, egg, green onion, bean sprouts, and chopped peanut and Thai fried rice with shrimp, egg, onion, and tomato) Their Pad Thai and their fried rice were the only disappointing dishes of the night.  The noodles were too soft and clumped together too much.  The other ingredients were fine, but the overall flavor was nothing special compared to other Thai spots I've tried.  The same could be said for their fried rice.\n\n(Crispy duck with chili, mint leaves and Thai basil) The duck was very good--moist but with a great crispy and crunchy outside batter.  The garnishes were flavorful and fragrant.\n\n(Braised beef short rib panang with a red cream curry sauce and cognac) The creamy sauce was great--great flavor and incredible fragrance.  The short rib was just okay.  While mostly tender, the short rib varied from kind of dry in some parts to too fatty in other parts.\n\n(Fried banana rolls) I liked the very egg roll-like wrapper (crispy, thin and not too sweet).  The banana was sweet and good.  I liked it, but it was nothing exceptional.\n\n(Coconut ice cream) The ice cream had a good flavor and was creamy, but it was a little sorbet like.\n\nService was friendly, but it did take a while for us to put in our order.  The first dishes took a little bit of time to come out and I wished that our second run of dishes would have been spaced apart more (too much came out at the same time).\n\nPrices were very good.  Given the quality and the fact that Lotus of Siam is in Vegas, the meal was easily the best bang-for-your-buck meal I've ever had in Vegas.\n\nWhile I am not that experienced with Thai food, I really enjoyed Lotus of Siam.  Many of the dishes were good.  Since Las Vegas has so many overpriced restaurants, it was very refreshing to try a place like Lotus of Siam where you could spend less but not sacrifice in terms of quality.  If I was ever in Vegas again with a big group and needed a satisfying but also reasonably priced dinner, we would definitely head to Lotus of Siam.\n\nThe strip mall has a huge and free parking lot.", "Absolutely incredible Thai food. Trust me - I don't give many five star reviews and lotus deserves every single one of them. Haven't found a better Thai place in NY, Boston, or San Francisco (and it's not even close). \n\nI've had the garlic prawns (dreamy dish, HUGE shrimp, crispy shell), tom yum (deep, sour lemongrassy flavor), crispy duck penang (awesome though small for what you pay - maybe 8 strips of fried duck with sauce for over $20. devoured it), soft shell crab drunken noodle (really good), sea bass noodle (absurdly delicious), and more. I hear the dessert is really good too. \n\nDon't miss out on this place. Also, if you don't enjoy heat ask for level 2 (of 10). Don't go above 3 unless you want a hot dish. 6+ will knock your socks (and palate) off.", "After having a lot of Thai food in San Francisco, I've been looking for a go-to place in Las Vegas to get Thai food. Although I am still looking for that place, I have found that I frequent Lotus of Siam quite a bit, but it seems like only when I have visitors in town. Almost everyone knows about Lotus of Siam since it has been featured on The Best Restaurants of LV and a lot of other food shows. So why not a more stars? i think that there is a lot of hype for this place and I guess I just expected more and better. \n\nIf you go on the weekend, be prepared to wait as there is almost always a crowd here, both locals and out of towners. If you can, make a reservation so you won't wait too long. I've tried a good number of dishes here and they are good, but not spectacular. For some of the dishes, the prices to me are a bit high for Thai food. I've tried the Paid Thai, Pad See Yew, Beef Salad, drunken noodles, the various curries, garlic prawns, and spicy chicken wings. One word of caution - be prepared for the heat - when they ask you how hot you want, dont go overly crazy. I can handle a lot of heat, but their level 5 is hot enough to enjoy. Any hotter and you wouldn't be able to taste the food. \n\nOverall, I would go to Lotus of Siam when I am craving Thai food, but don't think that it's the best as many of the other reviews state. I am still looking for my go-to Thai place in LV and hope that I can find it as I have in SF and LA.", "Amazing Thai Food. I had the sliced and fried catfish. They used a bunch of fresh herbs and it came with green mini eggplants and peppers. So good. I ordered spice level 8 (They go from 1-10) and I started sweating. \nI'll be back next time when I'm in Vegas. Forget all those overpriced hotel restaurants - this is the place to go. \nAnd I might want to mention that they have an award winning wine cellar (Wine Spectator) - not bad for a restaurant where you can get a dinner for 9 bucks.", "At the advice of a foodie and my wife's research we decided to give this a try.   We had  crispy rice appetizer and I must say it was fragrant and crunch and wonderful spicy (we chose mild).  The dish was a bit salty and the vegetables were great is perfect to offset it's saltiness - I just wish there was more vegetables to go with this dish.   I ordered the Tom Yum Noodle Soup (I didn't specify and was quite spicy).  My wife had the Drunken Seafood Noodle (she wanted it mild) the taste of basil with the seafood is very good.  I suggest going with mild if it is your first time there.  Waiters are very attentive, friendly, and will answer any questions you may have.   Defiantly will be returning, the next time we are in town.", "Best Thai Food in Las Vegas by far. Be prepared to wait because this place does get busy. It's for alot of locals but if you know places to go in Vegas it's a must stop. If you order the papaya salad make sure to scale how spicy you want it made because it can't get off the charts. Order the garlic prawn, its semi deshelled but the shell is fried crispy enough to eat. It's my favorite dish and so far the best shrimp I have ever had. I been trying to find places in Houston that carries this but so far haven't found on yet. I'm definetly a fan for life. Must try this place if visit Vegas.", "Best Thai Food in Vegas. \nAwful & scary neigberhood. \nExpect Great Food, ok Service & really High prices!\nSticky Rice with mango is to die for.", "Best Thai I've found in Las Vegas. It is in the sketchiest little strip mall I've ever seen, but once you get inside you forget all about that.\n\nI always bring out-of-town friends here, because it's inexpensive, it's pretty quick and it's DELICIOUS.", "Best Thai food I've ever had. We came for dinner and it was so good that we grabbed lunch here before we skipped town. \n\nService was friendly. They gave good suggestions. \n\nThe hot and sour soup had my mouth on fire for 10 minutes though.", "Best Thai in Vegas and really anywhere else. Like every great thai restaurant the service sucks. But the food is amazing and wine list is ridiculous. Insane german riesling selection which pairs amazing with spicy foods.\nBest Ever - Crispy Rice, Sea Bass, Shrimp In Shell, Sticky Rice and basically everything else but these definitely stand out.", "Best thai food in Vegas! Its off strip in an old part of town - surrounded by dive bars/pool halls and Korean BBQ.  Amazing wine list; casual place and a recent facelift for half of the restaurant.  Lunch can be a buffet or menu.  Great spice and  delicious food!", "Best thai in Vegas!", "Came with a friend who recently moved to Las Vegas. She hadn't yet been but said it was considered some of the best Thai food in the country. We arrived a bit early and ordered a Singha to share. They have an extensive wine list with many by the glass but we'd just come from Valley of Fire and were thirsty, so beer seemed to fit the bill.\n\nIt wasn't busy yet so we got a lot of time with our waiter and asked him what he recommended. The menu is pretty extensive and there are a lot of really interesting things to choose from, good descriptions too! He pointed out a few house specials and we ended up ordering entirely from his recommendations. We started off with the crispy rice and sausage appetizer. My boyfriend loved it. I thought it was spicy and salty but didn't taste like much.\n\nThen, we ordered three dishes to share among three of us. Crispy duck with drunken noodles, short ribs in red curry, and the liver which the other two wanted to try. The crispy duck was by far the best of the three. Really delicious, good portion size too. The short ribs were amazing but there wasn't enough. I think there were four. For $20, I thought we'd get more than an appetizer size. But the sauce was really good over the rice. The liver tasted less like liver than I'm used to, the fresh lime and onion was really nice, but it was pretty dry and didn't come with any sauce. \n\nOverall, the ambiance of the place is okay. Not anything memorable and the lighting is bright and unremarkable. We liked the food but it's pretty rich and we felt a little ill later in the evening. It was pretty expensive too! I enjoyed it but don't feel a need to come back.\n\nI'm still trying to figure out how this place has over 700 reviews on Yelp and is so highly rated given that there is a lot of really good food in Las Vegas. It seems to have a very good PR person! I think it's unique and worth a visit but we had an incredible meal at a gorgeous Thai restaurant right off the strip  for much cheaper on a different night.", "Definitely worth the drive off the strip!  Our group of 7 have eaten there two years in a row and we let the waiter order for us both times.  Different entres each time and all were excellent!", "Delicious Vegas Thai restaurant located close to Chinatown.  They're known for their fried catfish entree (according to my friend) but other stuff on the menu is also good. We came in during lunch and they have a buffet deal which is really popular, but we ordered off the menu because it looked like buffet food you could get in Hollywood Thai Town.  We had the beef salad, catfish fillet, shrimp bacon appetizer, pad thai.  The catfish fillet was small though and was just ok.  Next time we should order the whole fish to get a better sense of the meal. The dishes were good and we could taste the love they put in them.  Will come back to try other great dishes.", "Dinner at LOS was a MUST on my TO DO LIST for my first Vegas trip, and while most of the dishes we ordered were great, they were not excellent like I had expected\n\nWe ordered the Tom kha gai soup, Nam kao tod, Garlic Prawns, Drunken Noodles with Seafoods, and Penang Curry. The drunken noodles with seafood was my least favorite. The chow fun noodles were all clumped up and the sauce was underseasoned. I agree that the Garlic Prawns are a must order, but the portion is really on the small side. I really enjoyed the heat of the Penang curry. It was defintely the spicest penang curry I've ever had. My friends didn't enjoy the Nam kao tod but I found the bright flavors of the salty&minty crispy rice mixture quite addicting. \n\nOverall, while not life changing, we really enjoyed our dinner at LOS. Though I'm not sure if I would make the trek back on my next visit to Vegas.", "Do not be put off by the location of this place, it is a hidden jewel. I have eaten Thai food in many different cities but I have to say this place tops then all. I had Koy Soy, basically steak tartar, and it was awesome. \nI do suggest reservations, this place gets crowded. And fair warning, they only hold the reservation for 10 mins past your time. My group of 8 were 15 mins late and we ended up waiting 20 mins or so for tables...but it was well worth it.\nNext time I am in Vegas for CES I will eat here again.", "Every good thing you've heard and read about LOS is true.\n\nI am back from my latest jaunt to Viva and finally had a chance to dine at LOS.  We went during lunch.  At first I wanted to try the buffet, but thought better of trying the authentic Thai that I've always wanted to try.  Besides, the buffet had limited traditional dishes that I could get at Panda Express.\n\nNo, I wanted the real deal.  And I got it.  To start, we had the Beef Satay.  The peanut sauce was awesome, a bit spicy and flavorful.  The cucumber salad was crunchy and fresh.  Then the spicy chicken wings.  Why?  Why can I never make these at home?  The sweet-spicy garlic chile sauce was great and the wing itself was crunchy and hot.  Just like it is supposed to be.  I could have made a meal from that alone.\n\nOn to the entrees:\n\nMEE KROB RAD NA-Crispy egg noodle topped with straw\nmushroom, vegetable and gravy. I had it with chicken and it was so good.  even when I pushed it aside, I was still eating from the bowl.\n\nMOO YANG-Marinated charbroiled pork, served with spicy sauce.  Without the spicy sauce, it was a star.  With the sauce, it rang out with high notes.\n\nThe service was attentive and warm.  I absolutely enjoyed the experience and will return.  Don't let the area deter you from this gem.", "Excellent food! This may be the only restaurant in Vegas that I'd leave 5-stars for.\n\nThe garlic shrimp was very tasty, whole fish, papaya salad, and tom yum soups were also excellent. Medium heat was still pretty spicy so watch out.\n\nMake reservations before you go, especially Friday and Saturday. Wait time was very long without reservation.", "Food: Exceptional. A more refined take on traditional Thai cuisine.\n\nService: Nothing to write home about.\n\nAmbience: Feels a bit crowded. Waiting area is tiny.", "Get soup. Share as many dishes as possible.  Crispy duck!", "Good food but TERRIBLE service.", "Hallelujah, I think I've finally been converted to a Lotus of Siam fan. I have been to Lotus of Siam on two previous occasions and have not been impressed. I'm the first to admit that I don't believe I ordered the right things on my previous visits, so I take ownership of that. \n\nI came here this evening with my fella. It was his first visit and he was excited to finally try the famous Lotus of Siam. He's a big fan of Komol, so he wasn't sure Lotus could top it. We arrived around 8:45 and there was an estimated 30 minute wait. We were seated in less than 20 minutes, thankfully. Once seated, our server was extremely attentive and friendly from start to finish. There wasn't a moment that our drinks went unfilled. He checked back on us often, so that helped give them an extra star as well. \n\nOn to the food. Having had two previous less than spectacular visits here, I was on a mission to find the right food to eat here. I had heard so many great things about the nam kao tod, so that was a must try. We also ordered the drunken noodle with prawns and the choo chee duck. The food came out quickly and the food portions were incredibly generous. The spice level was no joke. I had heard they were famous for spice, so we ordered a 5 to stay on the safe side. We typically order a 7 or 8 at other restaurants, but we were very glad that we erred on the side of caution. The flavors were amazing. The name kao tod had the perfect flavors and texture. The drunken noodle were also terrific. So was the choo chee. The duck was cooked perfectly and I loved the sauce. \n\nLotus definitely more than converted me to a devotee this evening. It'll definitely become a regular on the Thai rotation again, I'm excited to say. I already have a list of other delightful delectables I'm looking forward to trying on my next trip.", "Hidden Gem in Las Vegas!\nDuring your next trip to Vegas, I highly suggest you venture off the strip to a ghetto strip mall in a dumpy area full of transients. When you arrive inside Lotus of Siam, you will be pleasantly surprised. This place is casual, family friendly, spacious, clean, and has great service\n\nYou will not find better Thai food anywhere in the world unless you're in Thailand. \nIt's been deemed year after year as the best Thai restaurant in North America, and that's no exaggeration. \n\nI ordered the Panang Crispy Duck Curry, Beef Pad See Ewe, and Stuffed Chicken wings. Each dish was a flavor explosion, and culinary delight. Prices are very reasonable, and affordable. \n\nWe took our rental car here from the strip and it's a quick easy 10 minute drive. Otherwise, it's probably about a 20 dollar cab ride each way.", "Hit this place with a date. Looks tiny from the outside but opens up into a pretty decent sized place. I enjoyed the food, ordered 10 spicy and it wasn't really that hot, but good flavor. I had some Fish and the girl had same. I would like to work my way through the menu here. So you will see some updates!", "Hmmm where is this at again? Commercial Cntr on Sahara? Isn't that location kinda sketchy? But I'm glad she was persistent and got me to go because it was one of the best hidden treasure this part of Vegas I did not know about at all. I wouldn't say hidden because this place was packed and very popular with the locals and I, being a native of Cali, this place was a good find.\n\nI'm not familiar with Thai food at all so I had to yelp it to see what people craved here. Only thing I knew on the menu was pad tai noodles.  Nam Kai Tod was a good appetizer to begin with. Some sort of sweet crispy brown rice. You have to try this if you have not before.  My partner in crime ordered the glass noodle salad which had a very lime taste to it.  I love sour food and the flavor was just perfect.  It's not an appetizer but it might as well be because even an anorexic can't get full from the amount of glass noodles that was served.  Best to order one for yourself instead of having to share it just as I and my friend did.  Next on the line was the drunken seafood noodle. I'm not very good in describing flavors but I'm just here to tell you this was freaking delicious. It gave many options of flavors in one plate, from shrimp to muscles and the noodles in it.  And the last was the dessert! Damn I've never had one this good. Coconut ice cream on sticky sweet rice. One word to describe this is, can I have some more!? Alright it wasn't one word but you know what i mean.\n\nThe only sour taste that came out from this was I had to pay for her too. Wtf, she's my ex, haven't the rules changed? I ain't gotta pay for you no more, but I hate looking like cheap boyfriend in front of the server because we look like we're on a date.  \n\nDefinitely give this place a try, especially if you're an out of towner because this place has won many food critics and awards.", "I LOVE THAI FOOD! And when it comes to Lotus of Siam, this is as good as it gets! The location is a little sketchy, but believe me when I tell you this: It's a hidden gem in the cuts of Vegas!\n\nI've been here during my last two Vegas visits and won't ever come to Vegas again without visiting this place!!\n\nPad Thai\nPanang Curry- I got a level 5 spiciness and it was SO good. I love spicy though so maybe get a 3 or 4 if you want mild/medium.\nGarlic Prawns\nDrunken Noodles\nCoconut Icecream\nThai Ice Tea\n\nALL 100000 STARS :) I'm coming here again in February and I am so excited!", "I can say this could be one of the BEST Thai Restaurant outside of Thailand, or Thai Town, Hollywood. The only complaint I have is the papaya salad could be more authentic with ingredients such as Thai green beans, salty crab, dried shrimp and more spices. \n\nBut I will definitely come back with friends to try the many dishes they have on their menu.", "I hate drinking water. I eat Thai food to make me drink water, in a sort of reverse psychology style. Its the art of getting food ridiculously hot but not so hot your ears start ringing. Green curry at a #7 was even a little excessive...four glasses of water and 2 diet cokes later, I still had Angelina Jolie lips (or felt like it) for a good 20 minutes after I was finished eating. However, my friend's #7 pad thai wasn't hardly hot at all. Chicken satay was good, although the peanut sauce was a little bland. Really good, affordable food", "I have dined here twice, once in May of 2010 and recently in January of 2012.  LOS does NOT disappoint!  The buffet for lunch is great!  There are a lot of choices, the food is fresh and everything has its own, unique taste.  The Pad Thai and Green Curry should not be missed.  Even the Curry Rolls, like a sweet turnover for desert are super.  My two fellow diners ordered off the menu and were very pleased, but I prefer the variety of the buffet. You won't be disappointed here.  Go and enjoy!", "I heard from multiple people that this place was the best so I gave it a try. To be completely honest, its still some what Americanized Thai food. I got the seared scallops and again, not that great. Still haven't found a great Thai place in Vegas that compares to the east coast. Pricing on the food is a little high for a hole in the wall restaurant. You'd expect this type of food pricing to be in a better neighborhood. You have homeless people waiting by your car asking for change lol.", "In great anticipation, we made our way from our hotel to the restaurant.  We were there at 5:45 and had no problems being seated right away. \n\nWe had the #14 nam kao tod meat salad, garlic prawns, tom kha gai soup and crispy duck on drunken noodles.  It was a lot of food, enough for a doggie bag for later too.  \nTo drink, Thai ice tea (creamy almost like an iced coffee) and a Thai Lime drink  (refreshing but too sweet, ask for less sugar). \n\nTotal came to around $75.00 for the two of us.  \n\nNow, I may be crucified for this but, it wasn't knock my socks off amazing.  It was delicious, but I've been spoiled with Thai food here in Toronto.  We go to Express Thai on Dufferin which is owned and operated by a Thai family, and I feel the flavours there are just as fresh and authentic as Lotus of Siam.  We ordered all the things that were rec'd to us, but next time I'll have to be a bit more adventurous with our choices to really experience the magic of this place.", "LOS has enough reviews to give you a good enough idea that it will indeed raise the bar for your Thai food experiences. I was looking forward to dining here but managed my expectations (see: not banking on it being a life-changing experience) and was pleased with the quality of the food and fantastic service. So much so that a couple of weeks later when I was apparently dying of the plague, I dragged myself out of bed to go get take out from there because let's get real: tom kha kai is the Southeastern Asian version of chicken noodle soup.\n\nThe tom kha kai here is wonderfully balanced and what I really liked was that the chicken wasn't tough. I've frequently had this soup with unhappy pieces of rubbery chicken floating in it, but at LOS the chicken is cooked perfectly meaning they didn't leave it boiling in the soup forever. There's also a good amount of vegetables which could make you feel less guilty about eating an entire hot pot by yourself (which I would've had it been socially acceptable). Also enjoyed here were the drunken noodles which I'd never had before anywhere. Sauce=amazing. Amount of seafood=criminally abundant. They don't skimp on the seafood in this dish and it's pretty reasonably priced for what you get.\n\nLOS is worth a trek for an authentic Thai food experience. There's nothing fancy or pretentious about the place but don't let the tiny appearance of the restaurant fool you-there are big flavors inside that are prepared and served with more class than most restaurants on the Strip.", "Lotus of Siam is definitely by far the best Thai food i've had so far. The service was great and the people were so nice. I came here with a party of 9 and we had to wait about 40 minutes until we were seated. We had some time to look through the menu and figure out what we wanted to eat. Let's just say that we ordered the entire menu! Everything we ordered was really good except for maybe 2 dishes that I could have done without. \n\nAppetizers:\n- Som Thum Papaya Salad: loved it!\n- Tom Ka Kai (soup): Coconut milk with chicken and mushrooms. I could have done without this. There wasn't anything special about it. It was really really sour. I would much rather prefer the Tom Yum Soup\n\nEntrees:\n- Garlic Prawns\n- Pad Thai\n- Drunken noodle seafood\n- Pineapple fried rice- Didn't have as much flavor as I expected =(\n- Crab fried rice\n- Chicken Red Curry\n- Braised short ribs with panang- Amazing!! My favorite dish from here!\n- Sea bass on drunken noodle\n- Crispy duck w/ chili mint leaves\n\nWe ordered more but I can't seem to remember them all. This is a place you must try when you go to Vegas. Oh and the Thai Tea is good too!", "Lotus of Siam is nestled in this bizarre world of tranny bars and swinger clubs.  Off of Sahara, in this plaza that is like a whole nother world!\n\nWe went here for lunch and I was super excited to try this place.  While I am partial to Pin Kaow, this place is delicious!\n\nMy friend did the lunch buffet.  Everyday they have different food at the buffet and so many things to try!  She loved the egg (??) soup the best!\n\nI ordered Chicken Pad Thai at 5 spice.  (I know, not very daring!) It was very good!  I felt a little rushed when trying to figure out what I wanted to eat, because their menu is HUGE!  Next time, I will check it out online before I go!\n\nIt was interesting sitting in there, mostly because there was some sort of wine convention or something going on and all the tables were filled with people drinking wine and on their laptops.  Very interesting.\n\nThe down side was the service.  We got there around 12pm and at 1:15pm we never saw anyone after they delivered my one plate of food.  So we found someone and asked for the bill.  Twice.  Then I paid cash.  And had to ask for my change.  Twice.\n\nOther than that, I would totally be back!", "Make a reservation!\nThis was easily the best Thai food I've ever had, and it's crowded for a reason.  It's totally worth the trip off the strip to get the most amazing authentic Thai food.  Everything, the vegetables, meats and seafood were all fresh and cooked perfectly.  Be careful with the spice levels though, if you don't usually have spicy foods, don't be brave.  The servers were super patient and very helpful too.", "Maybe I was expecting too much since I heard that this place is amazing and we failed to get a table the last time we were in town.  We did get the crispy curry duck which was good but not amazing.  Maybe we didn't order the right stuff?  But I felt like the food I get in Thai town in LA better.  I will try it again because everyone that says it's better than I expected.", "My favorite Thai place in Vegas.  This place is pretty good but I'm not sure if it's worth the cab fare from the strip to and fro.  But my friends always seem to want at least one meal here.\n\nIt is a nice break from the hotels and buffets on the strip.  If you ask for the food to be spicy, they will make it spicy...no joke.\n\ni've had most of the dishes on the menu and I think their special shrimp dish is probably best.  It's like a small piece of shrimp that is fried with bacon.", "Party of nine co-workers sat down for lunch on March 23, 2012.   I ordered #65 the whole catfish with vegetables.   The server asked what level of spicy from 1 to 10.  I chose 10 then changed it to a 9.   It was spicy and delicious $35.00 and $44 after tip and tax.  \n\nCo-workers ordered the drunk fried shrimp and drunk chicken and noodles; both looked amazing.      Other orders were the pad thai, chicken satay and chow mein.  Everyone cleared their plates, however the plates did not look out of the ordinary.  \n\nThe food came out at different times.   So, we did not all start or finish at the same time.   The waiter added an 18% tip for the whole table and then took about 30 minutes to collect credit cards and cash on three separate visits. \n\nThis is not an elegant restaurant.  The strip-mall is the perfect scene for the show Cops.   Bad boys, bad boys... what you gonna do when they come for you ...?\n\nOverall my catfish was outstanding; this is the reason for the four stars.", "Regardless of location this is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Great food in a nice calm environment. Very cozy place & always a good experience. Right next to it is my favorite Tai restraunt in town though. Kohmels! That place is even better in my opinion.", "Service: 4 stars\nSetting: 3.5 stars (after remodel recently)\nFood:  5 stars is NOT enough\nValue: 5 stars\n\nI live with 3 Thai restaurants within 3 blocks of my loft, highly rated.  I've now been RUINED... RUINED I say... to other Thai restaurants.\n\nBTW, If you drove by this place without knowing about it,  I guarantee you would keep driving.\n\nBut it is simply one of the best Thai restaurants in the world.\n\nMy party of 6 dined like kings and queens on course after course... and had a $90 bill at the end of the night.\n\nI couldn't pronounce or spell the dishes, so I won't embarrass myself by trying.  Read the reviews at the entrance, on the wall, while you wait, and then order those dishes.  You will NOT be disappointed.\n\nBest thing we had was some crispy rice appetizer, which blew our minds.  If you see anything that resembles that, order it.\n\nI go to Vegas maybe once a year.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that I will eat at LEAST two dinners there per 1 week stay, for years and years to come, at Lotus of Siam.", "Somewhere I have heard Lotus of Siam touted as the best Thai restaurant in North America.\n\nAs audacious a statement as this is, I don't think it's too far from the truth.  And people in the area seem to agree.  It can be difficult to get in on any given night.\n\n\n\nIf you can get in, I suggest you start out with the following:  \n\n\n19. TOM YUM KUNG-Hot and sour with shrimp, lime juice, lemon grass & straw mushroom.  \n(LEAPS AND BOUNDS BETTER than any Tom Yum you'll have ever tried before!)\n\nThen order the delectable spicy charbroiled shrimp:  \n\n52. CHARBROILED PRAWN-Topped with fresh chili, garlic and lime sauce. \n(Spicy flavors like nothing you've EVER tasted before!)\n\n\n\nYou will see exactly what I'm talking about.  \n\nMove on to order anything from this magnificent menu which includes many Northern Thai / Issan dishes you don't often see anywhere else, and you will no doubt enjoy it.\n\n\nThis is easily the best Thai food I've ever had outside of Thailand...  and this maybe even includes food I've had IN Thailand.\n\nThe only slightly negative thing I noticed was that the wait staff, though quite friendly, was not very attentive.  Service isn't a strong point here.\n\nBut call for reservations... and/or go early to avoid crowds.  You won't regret it.", "Thai Iced Tea - PERFECT. Nam Tok salad - NOT SO PERFECT. Pad See Eew - NOT COOKED WELL. NOT HOT. Service - EXCELLENT.", "Thanks to my Brother, Chris, for his suggestion.  A wonderful meal.  This was a highlight.  The waitress suggested Tom Kah Kai  as a first course (#23 on the soup menu).  What a wonderful coconut mild based soup.  Sweet, sour, salty and spicy all competing for my palate.  I have never experienced such a complex tasting soup.  I would recommend this soup to everyone. \n\nLotus of Siam gets top ratings.", "The Wall-Of-Fame says it all!! A must eat restaurant!!", "The best Thai food I had in long time.  I started with Sa-Tay of chicken.  Very good pickle vegetables and a delicious peanut sauce.  I enjoy it immensely.  My girlfriend had the Tom Yum Kai.  She really enjoyed the soup.  I was lucky and got to try it before she ate it up.  I agree, the soup was great.\nI had the drunken seafood noodles with spice level of 7.  It was spicy but satisfying.  The food was delicious and the spicy sauce was incredible.  We came pretty late but service was still very good.  Definitely, will be back again.", "The claim that this is the best Thai food outside of North America is no exaggeration. Fourish years ago I visited Thailand for a school sponsored trip and have been searching for decent Thai food ever since in the states and have failed miserably time and time again.  Every restaurant either lacks spice in their food (which is absolutely essential for this cuisine) or is simply way too greasy for consumption. But Lotus of Siam's dishes are nice and spicy, fresh, and well prepared. Even better, there are items on this menu that I have not seen anywhere else since I've been back from Thailand. When I was there I ordered the beef jerkey as an appetizer, sea bass, and sticky rice for dessert. All were very tasty, and I must mention that the sea bass literally melted away in my mouth. All in all I am very glad I came here during my trip in Vegas. Totally worth the cab ride (its off the strip) but only five minutes away. \n\nAs a sidenote though, MAKE SURE YOU MAKE A RESERVATION. Even in the middle of the week they are completely packed for dinner and lunch. Don't miss out!", "The food is great and full of bursting flavor. This is the best Thai food I ever had in Las Vegas. Make sure to make a reservation, this is a popular destination .", "The price is fair and the food was delicious! \n\nThe place gets packed at night even if it's in a really segregated plaza. I suggest you get there early just to get your order in earlier! \n\nThere was quite a huge break from the appetizer and the main dishes. That would be my only complaint. I'm guessing they are short on staff or just can't produce as fast as we all order. \n\nI am really picky with my Thai food because I don't like the Americanized versions. So, for me to give it a five stars mean it's well worth it!!!", "They have great food!!\nI ate here 3 times and tried different things every time and everything was so great.\n(loved loved their duck with drunken noodle)\n\nI reduced one star because \n1) little portion - 3 girls, had to order 4 dishes and my friends don't even eat much.\n2) MSG - my body somehow overreacts everytime I eat too much MSG, and I had to drink a lot of water everytime I ate here.\n3) service - they obviously want you to leave right after you finished with your dish.\n\nbut despite the fact that I had to drink a gallon of water everytime I eat here\nI will definitely be back here to eat. \ntheir food was that good.", "This extensive creative Thai restaurant is well known by locals and west coast celebrities as proven by pictures on the wall. The menu offers all of the standards plus pages and pages of more authentic fare as, for example, a section devoted to Northern Thai. Just when the customer thinks its too good to be true the carts travel through the dining room for other diners. everything has a WOW factor. everything. and surprise surprise the entre prices are between 10.00 to 25.00 and the portions are generous. Also generous is the use of aromatic herbs and vegetables.\n\nDont be put off by the location. They open at 5.30 and the dining room is full by 6 every evening of the week.\n\nDespite the competition of all the 5 star restaurants in Las Vegas this one is in our top 5.", "This great spot was the highlight of my \"off the strip\" eating adventures this past trip to Last Vegas. Now...most people will simple keep on driving when they come to see the strip mall that Lotus of Siam is situated in. But trust me fellow Yelpers...come on it. You just need to get past the panhandler in the parking lot asking for change in return for washing your windows.\nInside you get a whole other feel. This is an \"older\" restaurant...but doesn't make you feel like it is run down, or past it's prime at all. The service was spot on, the area was clean...And the food was one of the only things that got me thru my week of Vegas work. I came in here twice over a 3 day period, and almost made it three times! The Thai iced tea was fantastic, the Spicy Vegi soup was so tasty I wished I had ordered two...the PaNang curry was spot on (fried tofu is definitely the way to go over steamed, by the way) and the flat noodles with sauce (who's name escapes me) was a welcome change.\nIf you are in town, you need to make the trip off the strip and over to Lotus of Siam...Trust Me!", "This is my first five star review ( actually 4 1/2, but yelp doesn't do halfsies, lol) my friend micheal, picked this spot, and I was wary of his choices,( due to the SF Chinatown incident, )and upon walking in we were the only people there, so I wasn't expecting much, but we were seated promptly & courteously. I wasn't familiar with much of the menu, and many dishes had oyster sauce of which I'm allergic to, but the waiter was patient and understanding and gave us some suggestions. The tum yum soup with chicken ( # 4 on his spicy scale was recommended ) it was amazing !! ,beautifully spiced , nice presentation if u r dining with 3 or more guests get the big one for a few dollars more it feeds 4 !! Big pieces of chicken and tons of mushrooms and tomato !! Next came the chicken satay, very tasty !! Than the crying tiger , thinly sliced beef it was awesome but served cold, ( as I'm not familiar with the dish, it is said that that is how it normally is served) but could have used a little warmth for my taste! Very soon our entree arrived basil crispy pork!! I could just die!! It was awesome! I requested no oyster sauce and they said they cooked it in soy sauce and chili sauce!! But the flavor was absolutely amazing!! Also the green curry was great , a little to sweet for my taste, but request the chili tray , so u can spice things up to your liking, my friend micheal ordered the minced chicken 15 star spicy, which I didn't try , but made my friend cry!! Micheal loves his spicy food!! Lol we finished by sharing a banana cheese cake which was the perfect compliement to an already great meal!! And as for micheal he has redeemed himself!! Altogether for 4 courses and soft drinks it was 35$ per person including tip!! I will definitely be back!!", "This is the best Thai restaurant in North America.  Hands down.\n\nI consider myself a Thai food fanatic- and had friends in Las Vegas who constantly were bragging that they had the \"best thai restaurant\"...  Thinking I knew everything- I doubted them, and was proved wrong.\n\nMy first visit had me quite surprised when we walked into the storefront in a dilapidated strip mall to meet a huge glass wine cellar, world-class service, and killer food.\n\nI had the Pad Thai on my first trip as that is always a safe bet... it was quite good- but the soups, and appetizers really blew me away.  My buddy ordered his favorite, the #58 which I tasted and immediately had bad food envy.  \n\nMy second trip I ordered this and it was as good as I had remembered.  On this trip, I brought my CEO, and several colleagues...  One of which being a major foodie.  They were all flabbergasted.  My CEO said several days later that he would never be able to order Scallops again as they could never top Lotus..\n\nI will simply not go back to Las Vegas without eating at Lotus of Siam.  Cannot recommend it more highly.", "This restaurant is exquisite!  I was recommended to this establishment by a sommelier who said they had a rare and incredible wine list including the best Riesling in the world.  I was nothing short of amazed.  I had an incredible bottle of wine and the best Thai food I've ever had.", "This update contains two potentially useful bits of info.\n\nIf you read my last review, you might wonder how this place could get better. In fact, when I brought an out-of-town friend here today for lunch buffet, it started off looking worse. It seems like they rotate soups from day to day for their lunch buffet (#1: note to self: consider calling ahead). No duck soup for me this time... however, the \"beef noodle\" soup (no, it's not pho) that they served today was pretty good.\n\nAlso, I was not aware of their short lunch hours. They close at 2:30pm, I believe (#2: arrive early), so we were cutting it a bit close when we got there around 2. As we neared the end of our meal, however, the manager (perhaps the co-owner?) did something very nice. Actually, two things. First, he was kind enough to warn us that lunch service was ending soon, so we should pick up additional food if we wanted to. Several minutes later - and I'm not sure if he overheard us talking about this - he offered us some fried banana dessert fresh from the kitchen. We accepted this offer and enjoyed some hot, crunchy, sweet goodness.", "We cabbed it here from the Vdara and it was almost about 20 bucks.  This better be some damn good thai food.  20 bucks is like a whole hand of blackjack and that means a lot to my asian blood.\n\nAnyhoot, we arrive at a non-descript strip mall in the middle of no where.  I didn't even notice the restaurant and asked the cab driver 'Are you sure this is it?' because he dropped us off at an indian restaurant next door to lotus of siam.  we finally walk in and instantly surprised by the size and decor of the place.  it's got a nice wine section and the restaurant was packed for a Sat night.  Reservations only so call ahead to be sure they have space.\n\nOn to the food.  Literally the best mussaman curry I've ever had.  I'd pay that same 9 or 10 dollars just for the curry sauce with a bowl of white rice.  just enough heat on the curry and the beef was super tender.  We also the old stand by pad see ew, except this was the best I've ever had.  noodles still had nice life to them (weren't sauteed until it was mush) and the greens were fresh and crunchy with a tart bite.  Loved those two plates.  We had also had the garlic shrimp and beef salad.  both were very good, but not outstanding like the pad see ew and mussaman curry.  The weakest dish was the appetizer.  It was the nam kao tod (the crispy rice appetizer everyone raves about).  It was ok/good for me.  Has a strong salty/sour flavor component with the crispy rice texture.  Good when eaten with the garnish, but still overpowering with the salt.\n\nOverall, awesome thai food.  Take a couple of green chips from the blackjack table and stash them away in your pocket.  might be fun gambling it on cards, but for that same amount of cash, you're guaranteed some awesome thai food off the strip and that's a win in of itself.", "We drove here for the final night of our Vegas trip.  We generally like to eat off the strip mainly because the food on the strip isn't that good and fairly expensive.  Leaves more money for gambling.  The restaurant is located more north and to the east of the main strip.  \n\nThe restaurant doesn't look like a restaurant, it was in some old store that got converted.  The windows were all painted or covered.  The area appears to be bad, but the food was great.  Ate here with 2 Thai people and they loved it.  The food was authentic.  If we found this restaurant earlier, we would've eaten here more often.", "Where to begin?\n\nI have had thai tea so many times at so many places and yet I realized that I had NEVER had thai tea in my life because what I had at Lotus of Siam can not be compared to a y of the drinks I had had in my life. \"Even the drinks are that good?\" I thought. Yes even the drinks were that good.\n\nI went with the #12 stuffed chicken wings, DAYUM, and Northern dishes I. Nam-Prik-Ong as  an appetizer. Whoa. It is as good as it seems on Best Thing I Ever Ate. Then we got Pad Thai, which was awesome! And better than any pad thai you have had (I do sugest that you explore the menu though) The ladies next to us ordered the drunken noodles with seafood, geebus I have never seen it  look that good. So Pad And Red Curry Beef. I do not have the vocabulary to express how good the food is. It is better than any Thai food you have ever eaten. Ever. Even Thai people that have recommended restauratns that they think are great were not places that can touch Lotus of Siam.\n\nPAY ATTENTION HERE. Make reservations even if it only two people. Reservationa must be made a day ahead. We had to wait for an hour for a table for two. some people were told that a table for two would take 2 hours. A three time James Beard award winner is just that busy. Let that sink in 3 time James Beard award winner...", "Wide selection of everything.\n\nPlenty of seating and reasonable prices.\n\nGood place to go that's off the strip and you are craving thai.\n\nThe shrimp dish was really good.\n\nIf you go though, I would recommend to go with a group of four or more so you can all order something different and sample each other's dishes.", "Wondertum.", "Yes it takes a while to get in if you don't have reservations and the decor is not top notch. The food on the other hand... Is it tasty? Yes. Is it authentic? Yes! Try their Northeastern style Thai food, it's so good!", "Yes... It was as good as the ratings suggest. Better in fact.\nI live in AZ, and I am so sad I can't come here daily.\nIT WAS F'ING AMAZING!", "You know what they say about location, location, location?  Well this place is in a horrible location to say the very least.   I was extremely nervous to leave my car in the parking lot & while walking to the restaurant a bum rode up on his bicycle and asked us for money. Sketchy!  But we kept on because of the glowing reviews.\n\nAlso, there's a swingers club in the same strip mall....gives new meaning to strip mall. the inside decor of the restaurant leaves much to be desired as well. This is not a 'date place' in terms of dressing up.  Jeans are protocol here.\n\nThey also don't take reservations, which doesn't score any points with me.  Our waitress barely spoke English to the point where another one of the waiters had to assist with our table.  She also asked us if we liked cats????????????? Now when eating in an Asian restaurant we both thought this was extremely weird. Apparently, she had found a mother cat with babies and was trying to find them homes?????? At least that's what we hope.\n\nFood was pretty good, I wouldn't' say it's the best Thai food I've ever had, Sakun Thai is closer to me and just as good.\n\nI'm going to go back and try it again in case there's something I missed. Stay tuned.", "order this -- KOONG SARONG and NAM KAO TOD everytime for an app. trust me this place is the best thai food ever.................and theres over 1000 wines on the wine list."]
[2012, "season2"]	["3.5 stars \n\nthis place is aight went here the other day with my poker roommates. Not really a thai food kinda guy but this is one of the better ones that i have been to i must admit\n\nPros - food is actually pretty good. we basically went to town on the whole menu.  \n    the fried wontons to start are really good.\n    theyre green curry has a nice lil kik to it def recommended\n\nCons - Hard to find. Located in a pretty sketch area\n   they dont give you much food... so you have to order like 10 diff things.\n   pineapple fried rice wasnt very good.  how can you mess up rice??? but \n       apparently you can\n\nrecommended but not open till very late which sux because I think everything in Vegas should be open 24/7", "5 stars is not enough for this place. Best Thai food -period. End of story...... \n\nOne problem- it is hard to get a table.  In fact, we had to wait one hour to be seated on a Tuesday night.  We also tried calling to make a reservation on a Saturday afternoon-- and could not get through.\n\nThe green chile was so good.... and the pad thai was fantastic. The service was not that great, but with food this good I'd go back to the kitchen and get it myself. \n\nAlthough the neighborhood is sketchy, the prices are good and the food is amazing.", "A reservation documented incorrectly was quickly corrected by the lovely ladies of Lotus of Siam. (penciled in for Saturday instead of Friday). We were seated despite the mix up AND before our \"reservation\" time.  Low and behold, I am impressed, we were off to a good start! \n\nWith all of my party seated and accounted for, our food server for the evening promptly took down our appetizer orders. Much to my continued surprise by the stellar service at this Thai house of awesomeness, our food arrived in a timely fashion and our orders were not only CORRECT, but none forgotten! \n\nThe only glitch in the evening was during dinner service; one or two meals trickled out behind the rest. When I inquired within, it was explained that they have several cooks preparing at different stations so the timing for each meal prepared is not always exactly on point with the rest. With that being said, all is forgiven for these delicious eats.\n\n It's quite a daunting task for most restaurant establishments to place the correct order, number one, let alone place it and not forget to bring it all to the table at the same time.\n\nMy take on food quality is this. Quite tasty. Being oh so unoriginal, I ordered the Pad Thai and vegetable fried rice. I know, I know.. for someone so creative there is a lot to be said about my creativity while dining..but I digress.\n\nThe Pad Thai was exceptionally delicious, not dry, noodles cooked to perfection. Dislike: the server did fail to ask me at what heat level I would like my dish therefore I was left with absolutely NO spice what so ever. I may be unoriginal in dining dish decision making, but I do like to spice things up..with spices.\n\nIn closing, Lotus of Siam's exceptional customer service, attention to detail (& ability to overcome clarical errors), and hell attention to our large party in general would have us coming back for more.", "A trip to Vegas would not be complete for me if I couldn't make a stop at Lotus of Siam.  I always order the curry noodle soup with chicken, it's from their Northern Thai dishes menu.  The last time I was there I think I saw what must have been the owner's daughter because she seemed to be a teenager and just strolled in and the curry noodle dish was placed in front of her.  Needless to say, this dish is a winner.\n\nThe restaurant has expanded so the wait doesn't seem as bad.", "AWESOME. Best Thai food I've ever had. Crispy duck with drunken noodles was cooked perfectly.", "Amazing place.  My soup, beef satay and chicken pad tai were outstanding.  Do whatever it takes to eat here the next time you're here in Vegas.", "Another great experience at Lotus.  Have never had a bad meal here.  Would reccomend the deep fried Red Snapper with the sweet and spicy sauce.  Also the deep friend banana desert was amazing.  \n\nWould also suggest having a reservation this place is ALWAYS packed. I have made the mistake at least twice of trying to go without a reservation.", "Believe the hype - this place is spectacular! I discovered my absolutely favorite duck dish (crispy duck w/ panang curry) in the world here! The service is friendly, but a bit slow, so plan accordingly. We came for lunch, but I think it would be interesting and fun to have dinner here. For lunch, the front dining room is set up with the buffet. If you're in the larger (seems new remodeled) back dining room, you get a good view of their very impressive wine cellar. \n\nOnly quibble: husband's superb drunken noodles with seafood had fake crab. HUGE pet peeve of mine and what prevents a perfect \"5 star\" for this place. It tastes nothing like real crab and adds nothing to a dish. I do not get this ingredient at all. Doesn't matter, we'll still be back!", "Crispy duck!!!!! That is amazing!", "D E L I C I O U S\n\nMy only complaint is that I can't get my roommate to share spicy dishes with me, otherwise excellent everything!", "Do not let the dilapidated, East side Vegas shopping center deter you from walking into Lotus of Siam.  Behind the nondescript entrance intoxicating aromas entice you with an overabundance of simple yet exquisite Thai cuisine dishes.  The impressive, reasonably priced wine selection would put a Cheshire grin on the portly mug of Bacchus himself.\n\nJonathan Gold - food writer/ LA Times, said Lotus of Siam \"is the best Thai restaurant  in North America\".  I concur wholeheartedly.  Chef/Owner, Saipin Chutima implements the finest quality ingredients and melds flavors reminiscent of my experience of true Thai cuisine.  Chef Chutima opened Renu Nakorn in Norwalk, California although has since sold to family members.    \n\nMy dining group and I were punctual for our dinner reservation (dinner reservations are highly recommended) and were promptly seated in full view of the acclaimed wine cellar collection. \n\nAfter perusing the vast menu and conferring with our waiter we methodically choose  dishes from various regions in Thailand.  We found the Northern region to be the most interesting.  Even with a filled to capacity restaurant our server delivered our food in a timely manner.  \n\nA main staple in Asian cuisine, garlic prawns are deep fried in the shell and served with a pungent sweet-salty garlic sauce. The Soft Shell Crab salad combines fresh chiles, lime and peanuts.  The small crab, with a light and crispy outer shell was tender and moist inside - a crustacean lover's delight .  A popular Northern dish is the Nam Prik Noom - gently roasted sweet green chilies, fresh garlic and tomatoes are pounded to a flavorful pulp in a mortar and served with pieces of crackly pig skins and sticky rice.  We requested Chef kick up the Scoville units for some serious classic Thai chili heat.  The result, HOT and delicious.\n\nAfter enjoying two bottles of crispy white wine and traditional Sticky Rice with Mango for dessert it was time for my satiated dining group to depart Lotus of Siam.  As I waited for our taxi to arrive I visualized future trips to the neglected shopping center where star Chef Saipin Chutima passionately awaits those who savor traditional Thai cuisine.", "Excellent fresh Thai food.  Do not let the looks of the outside of this place fool you.", "Finally able to make it to Lotus of Siam to try the food. I made reservations for 3 people on a Saturday night at 8pm (took a few tries because the line was busy). We took a taxi from the Strip. We ordered our food medium hot and though everything was delicious, one dish was a disappointment.\n\nTom Kah Kai - The menu description listed straw mushrooms, we were disappointed when the soup arrived with regular button mushrooms. The chicken in the soup was dry from being in the soup too long. Minus one star.\n\nThum kah noon (pounded young jackfruit shredded) - We have never had jackfruit before. So this was a new dish for us. The meat was delicious with the rice. It would have made an awesome sloppy joe filling.\n\nNua Yum Katiem - Hidden spiciness in the cabbage in this dish. Mouth was burning, but we polished off the dish.\n\nSea Bass on Drunken Noodle - Delicious! The sea bass was deep fried and had great flavor.\n\nThe restaurant called a taxi after we finished dinner. A word of warning,  the location is off Strip, so it was impossible to get a taxi. We waited over 45 minutes for a taxi around 9:30pm. Minus one star. There were 3 other parties waiting outside for a taxi after us. We asked the restaurant to call again, and waited but still no taxis came (weekend of EDC). After watching cars cruise by slowly and contemplating hitching a ride with restaurant patrons, we decided to walk to the Stratosphere to catch a taxi back to our hotel and got to saw the real Vegas. Unfortunately/fortunately, it was super windy in Vegas with 30mph winds. This meant walking back in a sandstorm, but the wind kept us reasonably cool and the streets deserted. We were easily able to catch a taxi at the Stratosphere, and saw a long line of idling taxis there. \n\nI will probably go back again, but only if I have a car. I don't want to be risk being stranded again.", "Finally made it off the Strip to visit the best Thai restaurant that we've ever had the pleasure of dining in.  Got off the bus and thought we were in the wrong place until we figured out that the restaurant was in the back of the strip mall. Glad we had read to not be put off by the location!\nThe local gal at the table beside us made some great recommendations, or should I say we just ordered everything that they had on their table: crispy rice appetizer, red curry noodles, pad thai, garlic pepper prawns, beef satay.  Oh, to have room for more!  Great German wines too - perfect to cut the heat in the curry dishes.\nCould be the reason we book our next trip to Vegas. But we'll come back with several people in tow so we can order twice as much food to taste more of what this fabulous restaurant has to offer.", "Food and service were excellent. Had the panang crispy duck and tried a little bit of the dishes that the rest of our group had and didn't find one that I didn't like. This was our 3rd time there and always great. Be sure to make reservations because they always seem to be very busy.", "Good service and best pad thai in Las Vegas!", "Great Thai food for North America. Aside from the typical curry, Lotus of Siam has great selection of food and offers great value. Love Tom Yum soup and the sticky rice with mango dessert. Efficient servicke and great value, we silled ourselves for 37$ per person.", "Great Thai food.  Tom Kha Kai soup, crispy rice, spicy glass noodle salad, and pineapple fried rice were noteworthy.  \n\nService is quick, although you have to wait for a table.", "Great food, but not amazing thai food.  Still, I would recommend this to people who are looking to get away from the chains, buffets, and mostly americanized food on the strip.  It's nearby and pretty good.  It seems more authentic than most other places and has a wide variety of Thai dishes.  \n\nNam Kao Tod: slightly sour, which is a little weird at first, but overall I really liked this dish.  Yumm crispy rice.  \n\nmusaman curry - To be honest the curry was a little thin and the flavor wasn't as deep and rich with spice as this place in Houston I love.  Ever since I ate the \"masamun curry\" there, that's the benchmark I place other curries at.  Lotus' curry was just so so.  However, the beef was great!  Super tender.  \n\nDrunken noodles - Really tasty.  I would recommend this dish.  we got it with seafood, but there's a whole bunch of other variations you can get the noodles with.  \n\nI think the last thing we got was the red curry, but I'm not sure - I liked it better than the musaman curry, richer flavoring.  Decent choice.  \n\nService: really good for an Asian restaurant in a sketchy looking stripmall.  The restaurant's a bit fancier than most asian places you go to, and the waitstaff is very polite and attentive.", "I fully admit that my secret hero is Anthony Bourdain.  I mean what man doesn't watch his show and secretly wish that he could be transported to some far off land to experience some amazing eatery in a hidden place.  \n\nHe seems to wisp in and out of these places with the greatest of ease.  A man who needs no reservations, and seems to have none.  He walks into the seediest of dives and has amazing foods brought to his table.\n\nAs I find myself walking across a seedy parking lot on Sahara Avenue in Las Vegas, I close my eyes and say a quick prayer that I will have one of these moments.  Lotus of Siam could easily headline a Las Vegas episode of No Reservations.  The Singha comes to the table, ice cold.  The amazing foods that follow are exactly the way that Tony Bourdain would get them delivered to his table.\n\nRoasted Duck Drunken Noodles\n\nSear Scallops with Garlic Pepper sauce\n\nShrimp Pad Thai\n\nCrab Fried Rice\n\nMusaman Curry with Chicken\n\nThe menu practically writes itself.  Everything comes to the table and everyone at the table oohs and awes over each dish that gets sampled.  My life may not be as exciting as Bourdain's, but for one meal I got to live like him!", "I had the pleasure of tagging along to the West Coast Yelp Spring Break trip with my Elite bestie!!  A group of her OC pals met up here for lunch and it was good!  \n\nI ordered the yellow curry (mild) and my friend got the garlic chicken wings and some chicken dumplings. All the dishes were great, especially those chicken wings!!  Those suckers beat out KFC any day!\n\nThey also feature a buffet, but it was over-priced for such slim pickings, if you ask me. That said, this place is worth a try if you have a yen for Thai food.", "I have been here twice now and it does not disappoint. I came once for dinner and once for lunch. Other than the bums out in the parking lot asking for money, this place is spot on when it comes to Thai food. \n\nI have tried their pad thai, panang curry with chicken and this amazing seafood dish with assorted seafood, veggies and this to die for sauce. Everything was really good, flavorful and came out pipping hot. \n\nThis place is super busy all the time. I did come for lunch on a Tuesday, and the gentleman sitting next to me told me I had to try the soup of the day as it is only served on Tuesdays and he said he has been coming back every Tuesday for over 10 years. Next time I am trying the soup he was suggesting.", "I have never been to Vegas and not eaten at this restaurant. Do not let the fact that it is in a strip mall scare you off! It is one of my all time favorite places.\n\nDo not get the buffet! Don't get me wrong-everything on the buffet is good but the menu items are spectacular. Ordering off the menu is worth the wait! Ordering one of the Northern Thai menu items is a must. My friend ordered the ribs and they were heavenly. You can pass the time by choosing a wine from their incredible wine list. The service is friendly and attentive! By the way, they started taking AMEX again!! Yippee!", "I hit this place up for lunch while at a convention in Vegas.  It was recommended by a few people so I figured I would give it a shot.  Some of the best Thai food I've had.  This is a no frills type of establishment.  Great food, solid service, but little ambiance.  I would certainly recommend this place and would go back. However, getting back to the convention hall was quite the experience.  After waiting for about 30 minutes for a cab, the hostess felt so bad she sent one of the kitchen's employees to drive us back.  That was above and beyond service.", "I intended to make the Lunch UYE here on my exotic chopper rental, but, alas I got held up... Still, having already made it there, I decided to refuel myself and get a snack + thai iced tea. The grilled chicken satay skewers were tasty and great drink. The buffet side was nice, but the other side was rather more sleek. Nice service.", "I must say, I was pretty excited to try \"The Best Thai Restaurant in North America\" after reading all the great reviews on Yelp. Since we didn't make a reservation for our party of 8, the boy and I made a mad dash to the restaurant early to see if we could still get a table. They just opened for dinner (at 5pm), but the restaurant was pretty much filled already. Luckily, they had a large table open at the moment, so they let the two of us sit down first. (Some restaurants won't even seat you unless your whole party is there, so that was pretty nice!)\n\nWe sat there waiting for our friends for 10-15 minutes (which we felt really bad about), but they didn't seem annoyed at all, whew! After flipping through the menu, we ordered ten dishes. \n\n- Stuffed Chicken Wings: sliced chicken wings - crispy, flavorful, and served with sweet and sour sauce\n- Nam Kao Tod: crispy rice - very interesting, you have to try if you've never had crispy rice before!\n- Nam-Prik-Hed: spicy mushroom dip - spicy! but meh, at least the veggies that comes with it was kind of cleansing to the palette\n- Sai Oua: northern style sausage - were alright\n- Garlic Prawns: BOMB DOT COM. THIS IS A NECESSITY!\n- Yellow Curry and Red Curry: very flavorful\n- Drunken Noodle Seafood: pretty delicious!\n- Pad Se-Ew: typical\n- Crispy Duck: cooked perfectly\n\nTheir Thai Iced Tea was pretty refreshing! And because some of the food came out slower, they offered us a free Thai Iced Tea.\n\nWe got two orders of mango sticky rice and one order of fried bananas. Both were delicious! (I've had better sticky rice though..) \n\nThey also have a HUGE selection of wine! So if you're a wine lover, you're in for a treat!\n\nOverall, great atmosphere, great service, and great food (will have good dreams about those garlic prawns tonight). So take your date there or just go have dinner with your friends. It's perfect!", "I was reluctant to try Lotus of Siam, because I already have my favorite Thai places in town. One evening my girl finally convinced me to give them a try. We ordered this really amazing rice dish appetizer and shared the drunken noodles with prawn and a duck curry. The appetizer blew us both away. I would come back for that dish alone. The noodles and curry were great too. Very spicy and tasty. I'm looking forward to my next dinner at Lotus.", "I was very glad to try this restaurant I've bookmarked since I saw their episode on \"The Best I Ever Ate.\" I've heard they were great. Also, this was the meeting place for my first UYE lunch!\n\nFirst, I'll say it was awesome to meet fellow Yelpers who were in town for our Yelp Spring Break. \n\nAs for the overall food experience here, I'd have to give it 3 stars for sure. It took a while after we were seated for us to receive menus. The server was very nice and friendly, it did get pretty busy at the end of our meal, but the service wasn't as prompt as it could've been. Our food arrived pretty fast, but it just took an unusually long time to order and to get our check at the end.\n\nI tried the Khao Soi with beef. I usually always go with what the server recommends to me. It was decent, honestly. People around me tried the Nam Prik Hed and the soup Tom Kha Kai. Everyone said the food tasted fairly good. \n\nI'd definitely want to come back to try a meal again. Try a different dish perhaps. Hopefully a better updated review to come...", "I would give this place zero stars.  This is the worst place in Vegas. I don't know how much they have to pay Food Network to show them on TV, but you couldn't pay me to eat here again.  Why? When I go into a Thai restaurant and order in Thai, I expect authentic food prepared with authentic ingredients.  I do not expect jalape\u00f1os in my somtum, and I do not expect the owner to try to convince me that a jalape\u00f1o is a Thai pepper. No-go.", "I'm pretty sure this place is heaven! Not only is the service superb, but the wine list and menu are to die for. Must try the nam kao tod, tom kha soup, and pad thai! I used to hate thai food until I came to this restaurant, and now I cannot get enough.", "If you have not been to LOS you shouldn't be writing reviews on here and if you've\nbeen and not gave it 5 stars you get no street cred \n\nApp: Nam prig Ong very unassuming but very addicting  It goes very hard \n\nMain course: The drunken soft shell crab is a mind blower a straight up show                 stopper \n\nDessert: The fried banana is lights out  \n\nNever ever disappoints \nCall a day ahead \nThai ice tea is a must\n\nFIVE STARS with a BULLET", "If you're a LOS fan, do yourself a favor, skip my review. Because I'm not impressed. At all. Not even a little bit. (And yes the 1 Star is not a mistake on my part!)\n\nI finally made it to LOS for lunch today. I walked in through the double doors which turns into this little tiny S curve past a couple of chairs and the cash register before it opens up into a little more space. In front of me is a buffet, to the right is a larger dining space with a bar at the far East end, and the walls have a lot of pictures of the suckers who bought into the hype before me. \n\nSo I tell the guy at the cash register I want to try the buffet. Fine. I get showed to my seat, then it's like where did everyone go? I'd like to order some Thai iced tea! Finally someone came by, took care of another table and then finally figured out that I might want something. \n\nSo from there I'm up to grab a plate for the buffet. Does anyone doing dishes look at the plates? Yep, 2 of them have dirt on them. Seriously, no kidding, it is what it is. I find a clean plate and go to the buffet. I don't have the menu in front of me but they had a couple of things of interest, a red curry dish that wasn't bad, the fried bananas which were interesting (thanks Jaime W. for mentioning that in her review) so I fill my plate and go back to my table. And guess what? Of all the damn things I expect the rice to be HOT, and the eggrolls to at least be WARM at the minimum. What I got wasn't frozen, but it wasn't what so many other establishments manage to competently deliver and that's properly cooked food. And getting past the lukewarm food what I had wasn't all that. It was boring, not really that good Thai food. I actually found myself thinking Chinese food from Grand China (which I don't like) out in Henderson and their best of Sysco offerings was actually better. \n\nSo after I eat I have to ask for my check, again so much for basic service. I get up to pay and with the tiny space to enter and the hordes of people hanging around the entrance there wasn't even a place to sit the receipt down on a flat space to sign it. I finally just juggled it enough to scribble on it, then made my way out past a bunch of rude people that don't even know how to clear a damn path for you to step past them. \n\nIn short, my impression of LOS: It sucks ass. \n\nMaybe I just caught them on a bad day. Maybe I was having a bad day. Who knows. But no matter what I know with absolute certainty that this is NOT the best Thai food in Vegas. \n\nCount me as extremely disappointed. Oh and they were OVERPRICED for what you get too.", "It's a far trek from the strip, but if you've got a car, it's definitely worth it to stop by mid-trip! I'd say...it's not worth it if you're driving/heading back home, and thus would have to suffer through traffic after lunch.\n\nOddly, the Tom Yum Soup came out last, and was lukewarm; however, is delicious. I also love how they ask \"how spicy\" on every single dish you order.\n\nThe Drunken Noodles, with Duck was fantastic. Classic, Pad See Ew.\n\nThey also have a lot of Northern (Burmese) dishes, which are rarely found in Thai restauarants. The only other Kao Soi I've heard being served, is in Portland, OR. And we've never seen the \"Green Chili Dip\" anywhere else.\n\nThey also have an inch thick menu of just wines! Amazing!", "It's not a trip to Vegas without hitting up Lotus of Siam!  They have the best beef rad na I've ever had and you can't beat their curries and sticky rice.\n\nNo lies, the strip mall it's in is absolutely scary and deserted.  I was sure I was in the wrong place the first time, but it's there, and the inside is lovely.\n\nI don't tend to order wine here, because I usually come here for a good meal at a cheap price, to give my wallet a break while in Vegas, but they have an extensive wine room that maybe I'll check out sometime.\n\nTruthfully, no matter what review I could write here wouldn't compare to the hundreds of articles that have been written by the best food critics around (for example, read Jonathan Gold's reviews of the restaurant), so just trust me that it's amazing!  Absolutely worth the drive off the strip.", "Its also about the wine list!\n\nTogether the food and wines are a match made in heaven.\n\nSecond time dining at this exemplary Thai restaurant. If you order right, its insanely authentic. Ordered hot at level 8: dry chicken wings, soft shell crab drunken noodles, raw shrimp with insane dips, braised short ribs in a curry. \n\nThe Headline is GERMAN WINES!\nRare is the place that has a decent German wine selection. Here in a North Vegas strip mall lies a true treasure trove. From super dry GGs all the way through TBAs.  Rieslings from all regions, vintages and prices. Page after page of a list that puts pretty much all others to shame. Perfect provenance as demonstrated by the huge glass cellar for available wines. (Undoubtedly there is an offsite too). \nMark-up on the wines is surprisingly soft considering.\n\nAnd if you don't know what wine to go with, no worries. The Somm is totally relaxed and helpful. Most people are intimidated by German labels, the only label more confusing than Burgundy, so the Somm will take the time to walk you to your bottle.\n\nSo drag yourself off the strip and enjoy a rare experience of the sublime and surreal, locals and smart visitors alike. Those who know go. Again and again.", "Las Vegas don't joke around when they say it's spicy.  \n\nPapaya salad -I usually regret it every time I order papaya salad at Thai restaurants because the papaya is too hard, and flavor is nothing spectacular.  I just get tired of chewing it.  This papaya salad was the best I've had thus far.  The cabbage on the side helps to take away the monotony in texture.  We requested it to be spicy, and boy did they deliver!  Our mouths were on fire.  In a good way.\n\nDuck noodle soup - I was pretty hungover after binging at the pool all afternoon, and in desperate need of soup.  This is my go-to hangover dish in LA at Rodded, and was ecstatic to find it on the menu.  False hope.  It looked the same.  Flavor? Not so much.  It was bland.  Didn't have enough of the tanginess.  \n\nPad see ew - We asked for it spicy again, and friends couldn't finish it.  Pad see ew is pad see ew.  \n\nOrdered another entree, which I can't recall.  Obviously, it was nothing spectacular.  \n\nMango rice for dessert - First time trying this dish.  It doesn't taste as odd as I always imagined it would be.  The subtle sweetness of the mango was the perfect end to a meal.  I crave this.\n\nMake a reservation or regret it.  We had a reservation, and still waited about 15 minutes. \nService was excellent.  Very attentive.  Our waiter came by several times to check if we needed anything.  \nI'm glad I had the opportunity to try this place, but it didn't stand out from any other Thai restaurant I've tried.", "Like this place needs another 5 star review.  Lame I know.  But I will chime in.  This place has been built up to me for about 5 years, I love Thai food, I was expecting to be let down in some way.  \n\nI wasn't.\nThe service, was spot on, it's food was phenomenal and interesting, not just your generic thai menu with pad see eu and 5 types of curry.  \n\nWe ordered a bottle of kabinett riesling, their wine list is ridiculous btw.  We had their crispy rice appetizer which might have been one of my favorite dishes ever.  We ordered their green chile dip, very spicy which we loved, served with crispy pig skins :)  Our entrees we had one of the crispy duck preparations, I forget which one, and a charbroiled prawn dish.  \n\nI loved it so much I am taking my family there Sunday when they are in town.  I plan to order the crispy rice and try some new things, although that duck might have to be ordered again.", "LoS is overrated. Quality maintenance is harder than quality attainment. I don't think it's so much that the staff is lazy or disinterested. It's just that it's hard to stay motivated to cook aggressively and ambitiously when the clientele isn't aggressive or ambitious in its ordering and dietary habits. This fault isn't particular to ethnic restaurants: most high-end restaurants succumb to the same pattern of early greatness followed by plateau and then slow, steady decline (if they ever reach the heights to begin with).\n\nTo be fair, the food was very good. It was not extraordinary or even top 10%. Fresh mushroom salad was an interesting idea, half-realized. The two shrimp that accompanied the salad were fine, but not of the same quality as at a much more unprepossessing restaurant I visited two nights later. The salad itself was a bit monochromatic.\n\nI did enjoy a dry beef liver entree, though it was not nearly as spicy as my server averred. He helpfully provided some condiments and recommendations. \n\nMy server, in fact, helped me to my conclusion that LoS wasn't terrific. I'd gone to LoS expecting that it would be overrated. But I don't like to prejudge. My server was more enthusiastic in recommending other Thai restaurants than he was in talking about his own menu. I do not mean that he was unprofessional or that he spoke negatively about his employer. It was just clear by his demeanor that he prefers to eat elsewhere.", "Loved this place... its off strip but worth the drive out here.\n\nThe crispy duck was awesome with tons of flavors and an awesome sauce.  The garlic shrimp was unique as you can eat the entire shrimp (shell and all) since they fry the shell and it melts in your mouth when you eat it!\n\nThe only cons I would say was the service was spotty at times as it took 10-15mins to even get waiter to order.  But once we did get the waiter, we had pretty good service afterwards.\n\nThe portions are smaller than average but then again what they make up for portions, they gain in flavor and quality.\n\nI would suggest ordering 2 dishes & appetizer or 3 dishes for a party of two.\n\nIt is a little more pricier than the average thai place but well worth it!", "My Vegas promoter insisted this place was the BEST place for food in Las Vegas, NV. So my friends and I stopped by on the way home one February afternoon. We were unaware that they had a buffet special and came after the buffet hours were over. Not sure what the buffet deal is anyways.\n\nOrdered the beef larb, because my favorite promoter, Bhagya of Marquee, raved about how good it was. I thought it would come with rice but it doesn't. It's okay though. Very flavorful, nonetheless. We also order the traditional Pad Thai, in which it was not super oily. Thank gosh, because we all know I don't like oily Pad Thai. We also ordered soup but I forgot what kind it was. The Panang was very creamy and filled with veggies and meat. They don't cheap out. \n\nPricing wise, not bad for Vegas food. I can see why my promoter liked the place so much. They were very attentive and there were a lot of waiters/waitresses when we were there. It is located inside a plaza, so keep a look out. Lots of parking due to a huge parking lot that is full of empty space. Worth trying if you're ever in Vegas.\n\nOH! And if you and your girls need a Vegas promoter for clubs, message me. :)", "Oh thank you, Lotus of Siam, for being so beautiful and spicy and delicious and so very Lotus of Siam.  The Platonic ideal of Thai food and the American restaurant experience.\n\nThis is one of the best Riesling lists in, possibly, the world.  And the wines pair just gorgeously with the spicy-but-not-overpowering flavors of just about everything on the menu.\n\nThis is beautifully authentic thai with high quality ingredients.  Worth the trip off the strip.  This is some of the loveliest food in Vegas at the very best price with a stunning wine list.  \n\nDo not leave Las Vegas without an appearance here.", "Panang crispy curry duck and pad thai.  Good, but I didn't perceive anything sensational about it.  Not cheap. The duck dish cost $20 + $1 more for an adequate serving of rice.  The second dish was $9.  Looked at the buffet and all the trays were mostly empty at ~ 1:30PM.", "Probably not the best Thai food I've ever had since Thai Town in LA is closer than Vegas, but this place did impress me.  I don't think I can count how many times people have mentioned Lotus of Siam to me in passing.  Lotus of Siam is tucked away in a strip mall on Sahara away from the Las Vegas Strip.  It's somewhat small and unassuming but the food is pretty good.  They do have the chili condiments on the side if you request it because everyone enjoys different levels of heat in their food.  \n\nMy friends and I met up for a SoCal UYE of sorts while here on Yelp Spring Break.  We arrived before the restaurant opened for lunch.  At lunch they offer an AYCE buffet for $10.99 but you can also order a la carte too.  We decided to order off of the menu.  \n\nWe tried: \n\nCrispy Duck (5 stars) - By far my favorite dish, the duck was de-boned and fried to a crisp with excellent flavor.\nChicken Satay (4 stars) - I thought the chicken was perfectly cooked.  It's really easy to overcook chicken but this was great.  The peanut dipping sauce and cucumber salad condiments were spot on.\nYellow Curry (3 stars) - Pretty standard curry but the vegetables were undercooked.  I like my curry vegetables to be a little softer.\nPad See Ew with beef (3 stars) - Pretty standard.  The noodles were soft and the Chinese broccoli was good.  \n\nThe service was ok at best.  We did ask for a large table because we were expecting a large party, however, we were stood up.  The waiter expressed that they could split our bill into 4 but that was the max he would do.  After our dishes were brought out, he disappeared until we had to flag him down for our check.  No matter.  The food was good, we were happy.  No reservations for lunch but they take reservations for dinner.", "Read that this place is the best Thai restaurant in North America. Tried the food and it was incredible! True to its title. One of my most amazing meal EVER. Left the place speechless...", "So apparently Lotus is a legendary Thai Foodie Institution; I'm not going to review them based on that. I'm a fan of a value proposition, and this is a great one.\n\nMake reservations because otherwise you're going to wait. Forever. Like maybe until the next day. And that's your fault because why would you not? Is your life so empty that you can afford 45-90 minutes of doing nothing for no reason?\n\nFirstly you feel like you are heading for a mob meeting when you get here. In the strip mall this place is located in you can get all your meth/stolen goods/unregistered firearm needs met by speaking to any of the helpful men in trench coats lurking throughout the parking lot. You know something is up because despite the squalor the parking lot is filled with Lexii, BMWs and cabs from the strip. \n\nWhen you get in you notice the place is very nice for being in a strip-mall and the place is plastered with knowledgeable people in the restaurant business lavishing praise over the place. Our table featured a picture of Mario Batali looking unimpressed. I don't know that I would have put that up there.\n\nThe beer list was excellent, the two Thai beers (Chang and Singha) were excellent as well. One oddity: they have Stone Pale Ale on the menu and when ordered I was presented with a Stone India Pale Ale instead, which was not on the menu. It's a completely different beer, but yet a pretty effing good one, so no biggee.\n\nWe had eggrolls. They were small and great. Then we had curry; Panang and Red. Also great. Also a fairly UnAmerican portion. You should be able to order a Larger portion of curry, I've never ran out of a main course before. Also their version of a \"7\" in hotness is comparable to a 9 at Pin Kaow. Shit was hot yo.\n\nGot out of there for less than a fifty with two people drinking beer. World class Thai food (Alledgedly, all I know it was spectacular). Will return. Quite happy.", "Sorry, Rusty U. but I don't believe the hype (and I ate here with you)!\n\nI thought the food was okay -- nothing great. Perhaps my tastebuds were fried after all the buffet dining and drinking but this didn't feel like the best Thai restaurant in America to me.\n\nFlavors were good but the portions were a touch on the small side.\n\nAnd the decor was not great either. But, it's apparently just down the street from a gay bath house and a whore house so I guess I can't complain?\n\nDefinitely worth a repeat visit though.", "TOM KA KAI!!! ! Thats for the Tom Ka Kizzle lovers that are glancing through these reviews because thats what I look for when I'm researching Thai fare while I'm looking to try new spots. With that said, my girlfriend and I love Thai and this place does not disappoint!! Usually I can't go one without having thai at least once a week and from my experience  there's 3 things that tell me right away if a place is going to separate itself from other Thai  spots- \n1. Soup  2. Noodle and 3. Curry's.. this is my first review here but my 2nd visit and as soon as I rolled into town to meet my girlfriend, Tom Kha Kai was calling me!!  Cashew nut chicken was excellent Curry Panang wonderful  and last but not least the Tom Ka Kai is my favorite!!  I always order medium spicy on everything when eating  Thai but Beware of the level of Hot/spicy  you ask for with the Panang  because the 5 really  got my attention..  Pad se ewe is great also!  The only downfall is no brown rice here and the wait for your food if its crowded. If you can get passed that then dont pass this place up, they brought us our Tom Ka Kai right away so the wait for the rest of our food didn't even matter.. ya can't rush quality.", "The menu is very adventurous at Lotus of Siam but I didn't explore outside of my usual \"Thai\" dinner.  Pad thai noodle consistency was near perfect but definitely over-seasoned for my taste.  Mango and sticky rice was fantastic, pineapple curry fried rice was nice.  The rest of our table enjoyed a crispy pompano, shrimp curry, crab fried rice and crispy tofu.  They are definitely busy but service still managed to be decent.  Considering the very high ratings for this restaurant, I can't help but feel I may have missed whatever it is that makes it a five star winner.", "There are so many things that can ruin a dish at any Thai restaurant, and in the course of three or four dishes, something's bound to put a damper on the experience. Meat can be loaded with gristle, overcooked, or undercooked. Curry can be oily, watery, too spicy, or too bland. Noodles can be too grainy or too soft, and break easily. \n\nLotus of Siam pretty much hit the mark on all of these counts for me. Here's our breakdown:\n\n- Chicken satay. Perfectly seasoned and cooked chicken. This is usually the canary in the coal mine for me. The chicken was good quality, perfectly cooked, and seasoned so well that I didn't even feel the need to use peanut sauce.\n- Yellow curry with chicken. This is mostly the reason for my 5 stars. It's my habit to only eat the chicken and the curry sauce on my rice, but on these two counts, Lotus of Siam is among the best of the best for this dish for me. The consistency was perfectly creamy, and \"medium spicy\" (4 out of 10, I think was what we asked for) provided the perfect amount of spice for those of us who don't like a ton of spice in our curry. The chicken was again fantastic quality and perfectly cooked.\n- Pad see ew. This was a good dish. The noodles were prepared well, and the beef was very good!\n- Crispy duck. This was mostly okay for me, although I'm not a big fan of duck to begin with. The seasoning was definitely the highlight of this dish for me.\n\nWe came here for lunch as a group of about 7 or 8 and got pretty good service! They are only able to split checks 4 ways. No reservations for lunch.", "This is definitely not my favorite spot when it comes to Thai food, but for the most part the food is ok. Upon entering, you won't be impressed with the indoor decor. It definitely does not stand out. In fact, my first impression upon entering was that I was some place dodgy where I was sure to get sick. Fortunately, that was not the case. There were certainly a lot of patrons during the lunch hour which is usually a good sign of a good place to eat.\n\nLotus of Siam offers a Thai buffet. I took a moment to look at the items offered at the buffet. To me, the food looked like it had been sitting out a while, but my friends who did opt for the buffet raved about it. Instead, I decided to order off the menu. I had the typical Farang dish, Chicken Pad Thai. The dish was fairly decent, although I definitely had better.\n\nOne thing I was not impressed with and weighed heavily in giving this establishment a 3 out of five stars is the fact that I was unimpressed with the service. We waited a long time to be served. Also, we ordered a thai ice tea and water. A good 15 minutes must of passed and we still didn't have our tea. By this time, my companion was cotton mouthed due to the lack of liquid to quench her thirst.I reminded the server again, and another 10 minutes passed before he finally came out with it. \n\nDefinitely not the worst and definitely not the best.", "This is one tricky place to review.  The force (of hype) is strong with this one, and while it's almost always a good meal when I visit, it also almost always fails to meet my lofty expectations.  Is that something to hold against a restaurant?   If it's supposed to be one of the best in Las Vegas but turns out to just be yet another great Thai restaurant?  Maybe I should just get to the point and start talking about the food:\n\nBeen here several times, and almost each time I tried something different because unlike several people I know I AM NOT A SLAVE TO PARTICULAR DISHES.  Here's a list of what I can remember having and thoughts on each.  None of the appetizers I've had (Koong Sarong, prawns wrapped in bacon and deep fried / Mee Krob - crispy noodles with chicken and shrimp /  Nam Kao Tod - see all other reviews ) have blown my mind, but all were decent.  I don't really get the hoopla over the Nam Kao Tod.  Have none of ya'll ever had rice krispies before or something?   \n\nI've done a few of the soups and those were good.   Be careful on ordering those with heavy spice.  I swear one time I asked for a 5 /10 on some Tom Yum Kung and nearly passed out from dehydration after 3 sips.  Another time I got the Seafood Soup at a 7/10 and barely touched my water.  SHRUG.   Taste was fine on both, nothing to put it above and beyond any other Thai restaurants I've had.\n\nSalads I've tried include the Spicy Squid Salad (VERY hot @  7/10), and I liked that one a lot.  One thing I'll say is the ingredients always seem fresh which stands out in uncooked dishes like the salads.  I absolutely disliked the Spicy Shrimp Salad.  Whatever makes up their \"secret sauce\" simply has a flavor I do not enjoy, and it was DRENCHED with this.  No more secrets for me Saipin!  I'm onto you.  I also have had the Catfish Salad and Soft Shell Crab Salad.   Both of these were good, but ultimately not worth the cost.   One thing I should note is that I generally HATE salads, so maybe I should stop ordering them and talking about them in reviews.\n\nFor standard entrees I've mostly stuck with their Curries and have never been disappointed in any of them.   None have been made me completely forgo the competition around Las Vegas but they certainly rank among the best I've had.\n\nAt this rate all I've described would normally lead me to give a place a 3, but what makes me give it an end result of 4 is one thing and one thing only:  SEA BASS WITH DRUNKEN NOODLES.   FFS it's $29 but it's worth every penny and then some.  Just a spectacular dish that alone is worth 5 stars and would make me bump any review up a star.   Yes even the Post Office on Pebble and Bermuda.", "This place came recommended to me by some friends here in Chicago b/c this place was said to be one of the best Thai restaurants in the country and had a fantastic wine list.  \n\nI had to wait when I got there but that was not so bad as I could order a good glass of Mosel Riesling and had a book to read.  \n\nI was a bit intimidated by the length of the menu so I asked my waiter for a suggestion that would be off the beaten path so to speak.  He recommended a northern Thai dish which had a meat-tomato ragu of sorts which one would eat by dipping thick slices of carrots, cucumber and other veggies.  Although I did find the tomato sauce to be really too much like an average pasta sauce, I did kind of like the dish and appreciated trying something new.  I did like the Thai chicken wings.\n\nI would have gone more than once but the cab fare from my hotel (Cosmopolitan) was $20 each way including tip.  Being on a tight expense per diem I couldnt do it more than the one time.\n\nIf I ever go back to Vegas, I'll go again.", "This place is just amazing.  Don't let the shady location fool ya.  The service and food are second to none.  Be sure to make reservations well in advance because this place gets booked pretty fast.  The drunken noodles and grilled prawns are the best.", "This place is popular for a reason. I've been to this hole in the wall before even yelp was up and running. A friend of mine took me here in high school and I was hooked. Best thai food in Vegas for sure. If you are new here try their \"Fried Garlic Prawns\", \"Drunken noodles\", \"Catfish Salad, and any of their curries or fried rice!", "This place is really amazing.  I loved every minute of it.  In fact, I would compare the food at this restaurant to cuisine I ate during my time in Thailand.  It was authentic feeling and had a home-cooked taste.  We ordered the whole fish, shrimp, noodles, soup, and pineapple rice for dessert.  It was more than enough for 6 people and the price was reasonable.  I plan on coming back every time I am in Vegas.  Another reason to avoid the strip and discover the rest of Vegas!", "This restaurant was true authentic Thai that even allows you to pick your spicyness on a scale of 1-10. I recommend everyone try the Thai iced tea it's excellent.", "Truly a great find in Vegas.  If you want good tasty Thai food and amazing wine? ....go here! The wine list was incredible.  The prices were not really marked up at all, and some were even less than the vineyards! Wine list ranges from peju to sine qua non. \n\nGreat spice in all the dishes, and the menu had more authentic Thai food which you would not expect from a restaurant nestled in a shopping center. Love this place. Thank goodness they are opening a place in the east coast.", "Trusted yelpers and glad I did. This place is the go to Thai food when you're in Vegas.\n\nI'm reserving the 5 star rating until I try the bar setting dishes like pad Thai or pud se ew. I did try the tom yum koong and garlic prawns and both dishes were fantastic! \n\nspiciness tip: if you can eat really spicy food, get level 7. we made the mistake of ordering level 8 and wow, my mouth was on fire the whole meal.", "Visitor Notice - this is not some place I think I would have ever have gone had I not been taken here by a lovely local. Located in a bit of a gritty strip center. The physical space is an odd amalgamation of upscale pretension and church recreation room with a nifty wine cellar thrown in. Maybe this is a hidden gem for \"out of towners\"; but it was certainly packed on a recent Saturday visit. Though the bar area was wide-open.\n\nThe food is awesome - everything I tried was exceptional and worthy of 5 stars. The stuffed chicken wing is the BEST - it is a chicken wing stuffed with pork and deep fried! What's not to love....Other favorites were garlic shrimp (the shells were the best part) and the crispy duck. My dining companion enjoyed her uber large bowl of noodle goodness. Great selection of German Riesling wines with some very rare finds at fair prices. The service is a bit spotty and I had to flag down some one on a few occasions. Let's hope the tourists don't find out about this place and we can keep it our little naughty dining secret.\n\nLooking forward to my next visit to the Lotus of Siam.", "WTF, I just notice I never review this place before.  Well, let me get started then!\n\nThis is one of must stop place in Vegas for me, and t should be your's too!\n\n2 things that I always order here:\n\n1. Tom Yum Ka - a little bite of sourness with a little bit of heat; a perfect balance of what a soup should be.  The chicken and mushroom inside also complements each other perfectly. It's a light soup, not heavy at all, so perfect for any day.\n\n2. Garlic Shrimp - cannot not find it any other Thai restaurants I've been to. It's basically fried shrimp with their secret seasoning. The shells are also fried until their extremely crispy, so you can actually eat it!  You MUST try this!\n\n3rd item always depends on my mood.  This time, it's chripy duck with drunken noodle. If you ever had pad see you, it tastes like that with lots of basil. The fried duck is crispy and moist, yummmoooo.\n\nIf you never had good Thai food before, this is the place to come. Oh, becareful the level of heat you asks for. If you can take spice, then there's nothing you need to worry about, but if you can, go 3 or lower!", "Was this the best Thai food I've had, well, um no, does it work for where we were at? sure no problem.  Plus I think that it has such an aura about it that maybe I expected too much?  \n\nSide note - Funny thing - i've been coming to this shopping complex for years to go to a few Korean restaurants, so I did feel like I was really going for Korean food instead of Thai.\n\nSince a bunch of us were in town for Yelp Spring Break - we made it a point to have LOS on the list of to dos...(and then quite a few people set up UYEs...go figure) so we were there first thing for lunch on Friday.  There are no \"lunch specials\" but there is a $10.99 lunch buffet.  I guess it can't be vegas without a buffet?\n\nI know that you don't exactly go to a Thai restaurant for chicken wings, but the garlic black pepper chicken wings caught my eye and I just couldn't let it go.  So chicken wings it is.\n\ncouldn't do it alone - so got some chicken dumplings as well with some steamed rice.  My bestie who joined me in town for Yelp Spring Break got the Yellow Curry so we did some sharing.\n\nCurry was decent, but I felt that the veggies weren't really cooked enough.  I kinda felt like they just threw it in in the last 2 minutes to warm them and that was it.  Not that I was expecting mush, but a little bit more cooked perhaps?\n\nChicken dumplings were fried, nothing special, I'm sure I've gotten those before in the freezer section at the grocery store.\n\nBut the wings deserve 5 stars on their own.  They were so GOOD.  there was some sweetness to them, but the garlic and pepper were fantastic with the wings.  They were cooked (fried) to perfection and still moist enough on the inside.  Absolutely loved the flavor profile.  Go figure the truly non tradition item was the thing I thought was the best.  I'd go back for the wings, but don't know if I'd be willing to get other things...besides, the wings were like 9 bucks on their own for 6, which is a bit steep when you think about it.\n\nService was quite good, but be forewarned, if you are there with a large group, they can only split it four ways, so be a good customer and bring cash if you've got a large group, not a pile of debit cards.\n\nParking you ask?  This is not on the strip, it's free and there is PLENTY at all times.", "We ordered the tom kha, tom yum, red snapper, red duck curry, and Thai steak salad. It was all ok. The Tom kha and salad were awesome. The rest was very tiny, for dinner portions. And just about everything came to us cold. I've been there before and it was awesome. My brother, swears by this place. But I wasn't so impressed.", "We went to Lotus of Siam last night.  We were seated 15 minutes early, which was great.  Beautiful menu and wine list.  We ordered appetizers and entrees quickly.  Within 10 minutes we had our apps.  However, we watched other tables pay their bills, new folks get seated, and have food served before our main entrees came.  We waited at least an hour before our waiter (who was running around working hard all night) noticed we didn't have our food.  His excuse was that the kitchen was packed.  We believed this because the restaurant was packed, but he wasn't telling the truth because other tables who were seated after us were finishing up their meals and paying their bills.  Kind of a bummer not to be comped on anything when it was clear our order was messed up somehow.  I know accidents happen, but admit it!  I still gave 4 stars because the wait staff was very nice and friendly and the food was unbelievable, unlike any Thai I've had.  I'd definitely go back!", "Went a little earlier and tried the buffet.  It's nothing special.  Dishes tended to be very oily and/or boring and/or over-spiced.\n\nLOS is located in what must be one of the strangest outdoor shopping centers, or whatever you call it, in the country.  Mostly down and out and closed, but the far end seems to be populated with pervert joints, and odd Asian places are scattered around, as well as a bail bond and lawyer office and a jewelry store or two with many guards, and miscellaneous other strange flotsam and jetsam..", "best thai in vegas hands down...perfect whole in the wall in a ugly strip mall with amazing food...cant go wrong here if you like thai food", "five shiny stars for the pad thai alone. \n\nmoist, chewy, sweet, savory, spicy. with steamed tofu and extra extra egg. \n\nmint/basil chicken is tasty too, remember to order it w/ ground chicken. \n\noh & catfish tom yum soup. perfect balance of sour/sweet/spicy.", "have i been to enough thai restaurants to dub this the best thai restaurant in america (like many critics have)? absolutely not.\n\nis it the best thai food i've ever had? absolutely. just go.", "there was 5 of us, 1 filipino dude (me), 1 Vietnamese, 2 white guys and 1 mexican guy.  So you know how the in thing now is for a group of friends wiht different races that we tease jokingly about being that race...And we especailly make fun of each others accents...anyways...i guess one of the white guys was reading the menu with an asian accent, hilarious but maybe not a good idea in an asian restuarant.  \nGood thing no one heard us. Thought i would share that story.\n\nSo i tried the crispy duck which my coworker was raving about since he first tried it.\n\nI'm not the most adventorous eater but that duck was awesome....\nwe also tried the papya salad..YES! Make sure u get that.\nmake sure you pick your spicey level, coz that drunken noodles we got was real spicey (no deduction on stars because that was my fault)\n\nwe also got the prawns tempura..good starter.\n\nBut i have to go back to the duck.  When you go to your local park and see ducks, you will see them differently, I SWEAR!  I can't wait till the ducks start flying north coz i will have my weapon ready to go."]
[2012, "season4"]	["2 days shy of 4 months ago I last stepped foot into Lotus of Siam. My experience today was not much better than the one I wrote about then. I ended up paying $14 for a \"buffet\" , cough, cough, that was absolutely pathetic. The Tom Kha soup was ok but nothing special. 6 or 7 egg rolls would be brought out then vanish leaving an empty tray. The garlic wings looked like something left too long under the heat lamps, and then I had the Chili Mint Chicken with excessive squash or whatever the heck it was. I never thought a Thai place could massacre a dish such as Chili Mint Chicken but LOS has found a way to do it. To call this a \"buffet\" is doing the word a great disservice. I'm not expecting a spread the size of the Bacchanal buffet, but this...this is freakin ridiculous with what they're trying to pass off as a lunch buffet. \n\nSeriously for the price and especially on quality and taste Komol across the parking lot kicks LOS's derriere. If you think this is the best Thai food found in Vegas, you seriously need to pull out your Yelp app on your phone and do a little exploring. Coming here for a good lunch is the equivalent of a sucker's bet....pay out the nose, and get less in return. \n\nI can't give them anything more than 1 Star. My conscience is screaming at me for even giving them that, but fortunately Yelp says I have to give them something so that quiets my conscience a little. Now to find some Pepto to quiet my grumbling and very unhappy stomach..... \n\nBy the way after rereading my old review...I stand by it. Still valid. And the one before that. Still valid. Notice the 1 Star pattern? Don't say I didn't try and warn ya. \n\nTip: The closest place to buy Pepto is CVS which is at 2735 South Maryland Parkway, if you know the back way out of the parking lot you can get your relief in under 10 min from the turn of the car key to the swipe of your debit card. Trust me...someone will value this tip soon enough.", "3 out of 5 stars. \n\nIt's certainly unfair for me to rate a restaurant that has been called \"The Best Thai Restaurant in the Nation\" when I've only eaten at four Thai restaurants in my life. \n\nBut it was an interesting experience.\n\nI'm not a connoisseur of Thai food but their dishes were very spicy. Duh, right?\n\nNam Kao Tod - I never had deep fried that wasn't burned, but they had it. It was the most memorable dish that we had out of the five we ordered. \n\nSea Bass Drunken Noodles - quite good\n\nReminder: Their version of spicy is not the same as yours. Be careful when ordering.\n\nThe reason I'm rating them with 3 stars instead of 4 is because the food (while good) wasn't memorable enough for us. The service was also laid back, especially when we weren't knowledgeable with the food. If you need someone to refill your water (AND YOU WILL), you will have stand up and wave them down in order to get their attention.\n\nI can't say that the GF and I will be back, but it probably was the best Thai I've had. It's too bad we really couldn't tell that it was.", "4.5 stars\n\nMy bf and I adored this place when we tried it for the first time last week. I can't believe we didn't try this place out sooner!! Service was so-so..but the food was great!\n\nWhat we ordered:\n- spicy chicken wings: DEEEELLISH! I think this was my bf's favorite. If you are in the mood for fried chicken wings, order this! It's fried wings covered in a sweet & spicy sauce so it's a bit sticky. These little things were just addicting and we loved every bite.\n\n- drunken noodles w/ seafood: yummy while it's hot! The first bite was amazing. I haven't had drunken noodles this good in awhile. It's more saucy than I'm used to but the flavor was all there. They didn't skimp out on the seafood either. Mussles, shrimp, scallop, & imitation crab [disappointed in the imitation crab but that's ok]. The only thing I didn't like about it was that the noodles stuck together after awhile so it got clumpy. Flavors were still good so I accepted it lol. \n\n- braised short rib w/ panang: this was interesting. Decided to order it because of its popularity among yelp reviews. On the pricey side [~$17].. but it's braised short rib so I get it. I don't know if this is the best combination for my taste buds but I can see it growing on me. It's still good don't get me wrong and I might order it again. I think I would have liked it if the short rib was more moist..I think it was more on the drier side which is why I can't give it a glowing review. Maybe it was an off day..but that's just what I thought about it. \n\nI will absolutely come back the next time I'm in vegas. It's a must-stop!!!", "A decent Thai restaurant off the strip.  The  decor was sparse, the wait staff pre-occupied,  the portions were modist and the prices on the high side for Thai.  We had Pad Thai, a Duck curry that tasted wonderful and a Northern Thai dish that was simple but nice.", "AMAZING!  The Khoa Soi tasted exactly like it did when we had it in Chiang Mai!  Everything was excellent.", "Absolutely amazing food!  Worth the confusing drive off the strip.  Everything other reviews say about the homeless in the parking lot is true BTW.", "According to my friends, Lotus of Siam is ranked as \"the BEST Thai Restaurant in America.\"  I'm not really sure who's ranking system this is, but I would declare Lotus of Siam \"the best AUTHENTIC Thai Restaurant in America\" (based on my non-encompassing Thai restaurant experiences).  Unlike a lot of other hyped-up restaurants that I have visited, LoS does provide freshly-made, high-quality, and unique Thai foods that you will not be able to find @ 99% of the general Thai restaurants out there.  Apparently, Pad Thai,  Pad See-ew, and Thai Iced Tea are not the best representation of Thai cuisine :P  \n\nSo before you jump for joy about possibly eating the best Thai food you'll ever eat again, make sure you prepare yourself for a few.....surprises. First, LoS is located in probably one of the slummiest parts of Vegas; there isn't a strip club next door, but there are numerous sex and fetish shops across the street and just down the block. I don't recommend taking little Tommy and exploring the area before & after dinner....you may be opening the door to too many unnecessary questions.  Next, the wait time @ LoS during dinner hours on the weekend is going to be LONG.  For some reason, they don't allow reservations (guess they're so popular that they can demand such unreasonable policies).  Our table of 10 had to wait 1hr and 45 minutes, which we ended up killing at the pool table next door (**warning, it is a very divey, local pool point that's musty, dark, smokey, and seems as though everyone is selling crack or selling themselves***)\n\nSo once you get past the exterior facades and downsides, LoS will undoubtedly provide you a unique Thai dining experience that you shall not find elsewhere in Vegas and most areas.  Their menu is about 10 pages long, and these are all separated into rice dishes, noodle dishes, soups, chef's specialities, and then even a \"recommended\" dishes.   I was lucky enough to go with such a large group that we ordered over 10 dishes and got to sample a wide variety of dishes. \n\nI can assert that their rice dishes are very....normal and not-special, but their noodle dishes and specialty dishes were worth the price of admission.  Their  shrimp fried rice was actually below-average (or lacked MSG lol).   If you are a fan of fish, ask for their steamed fish that is fresh and super flavorful & tender.  Spiciness was not an issue for most dishes unless you request the \"Thai spicy\" vs \"American spicy\"   Another memorable dish was the boneless beef ribs, which were great except you only get FOUR small little ribs.  So yes, we split that amongst 10 people through some surgical precision with our butter knife.   Finally, the other dish I remembered was their curry.  It was flavorful, not too rich or thick, and the added meat & veggies was definitely a good complement.  \n\nLastly, the service provided was excellent, the waiter was actually useful in suggesting good dishes, and he also seemed like a \"happy\" employee who was proud of working @ \"the best Thai restaurant in America.\" He even boasted that they had recently filmed a Top Chef episode in Vegas the week before.  Next time, I shall go again and try some newer dishes and provide an update.  Til then, I better not find another Thai restaurant anointed as \"best Thai restaurant in the World/Galaxy/Universe\" or else i'll have to reevaluate my current review :P", "After eating here the first time in Oct, I was really looking forward to the meal.   \n\nI came for lunch and the waiter talked me into trying their buffet lunch.     It had salad, Tom Yum Cabbage Soup, egg soup, egg rolls, tofu and veg, green curry chicken, white and fried rice, tempura veg, pad thai, pad see ew, fried banana, and fruit.      All the delicious thai flavors were dumbed down and muted.   \n\n2nd chance.  Failed!   Went back for dinner to have the Garlic Shrimp that blew my mind last time.   The first time shells were crunchy like shrimp chips, meat was lightly fried, moist, and delicious.   This time dried out and tough, it was so bad I sent it back.   The waiter brought it back out and said it was supposed to be that way.  (Gross!). On a good note the steak tartare was very tasty and delicious!", "Always great food and service. Just wish the prices were a bit lower! \n\nFor the alkies out there, Lotus has an amazing wine selection.", "Amazing puff rice appetizer. Loved the drunken noodles with soft shell crab. It's much larger as they expanded 3 years ago so not as bothersome getting in. Still packed house for lunch. So cool that they have many dishes that are true Thai specialities. Do NOT come just to order pad Thai!  This is the real deal!", "Awesome Thai food and a menu with items I had never heard of before during my limited exploration of this cuisine that make me wish I could have tried one of everything. The best part is that they ask you how hot you want your food on a scale from 1-10. Don't be a pussy if you go here...get your heat scored at 10. I dare you. It's awesome.", "Best Thai Food I've ever had. The Tofu Pad Thai was so great we ordered more. The crispy garlic prawns are a must try - half was the crunchy shell half was big delicious prawns held together by the tail, you eat them both!  The whole fish with ginger was favorite along with the chicken wings & beef satay  - you could tell it was cooked over wood, it had a smokey flavor.  We ordered quite a few items, all were good, most were great.  \n\nThe wine list is focused on wined that compliment Thai food (Riesling).  We ordered a magnum for the table - perfect.  \n\nWe brought a friend who had never had Thai food before, it was a hit.  I love family restaurants that does such a great job.  It's no wonder this place was PACKED.  A Vegas favorite.", "Best Thai food in Las Vegas?  Hell, you could put it up as best Thai food anywhere.  Some of the best Thai food I've ever had.\n\nCame here for a lunch, since my old roommate works in Las Vegas now.  I must say that it was a bit of a pain in the ass to find this place, given that it's in the part of Vegas that I'd classify as the middle of absolutely nowhere.  But at least there's a lot of parking.  Additionally, the interior is really nothing to go crazy over...it's good for one thing, and that's stuffing a lot of people in it.\n\nAnyways, I'm just glad that Yelp reviews has all those tips for what to eat.  Because my god, this menu is MASSIVE.  I could literally spend like 15 minutes trying to parse down the 25 things I want to eat, but can't because I don't want to be a massive fatass.  So I settle on the soft shell crab pad kee mao because I've never seen it before on any Thai menu (and under my cardinal rule, ALWAYS get something you've never gotten before if you're somewhere new).  Did not disappoint at all.  Good amount of spice and minty flavor, and the soft shell crab was fantastic.  Excellent choice, good work Yelpers!\n\nLittle more expensive than I'd prefer, but pretty much everything in Las Vegas is more expensive than I'd prefer.  It is what it is.  Will certainly come back...and that will be soon, because I'm heading there this very weekend!", "Best Thai food we've had in the states!  We weren't sure this place would live up to the hype, but it absolutely did.  We came 10-min after it opened on a Saturday night, and already there was an hour wait.  We debated if we should stay, but since it was still pretty early we decided to wait it out.  Tip #1 - Don't be like us.  Make a RESERVATION.\n\nIn the waiting area, there are laminated articles and accolades plastered from wall-to-wall.  They've won so many James Beard awards, and have been named THE best Thai restaurant in the country.  High praise!\n\nWe only wished that we came with a large group of people so we could try more dishes, but since we had an hour to kill we had plenty of time to decide what to get.   It took us forever to settle on a few dishes because everything on the menu sounded delicious!  I would recommend trying stuff that's from Issan, Northern Thailand, or Chef's choice because c'mon... you can get Pad See Ew and Pad Thai anywhere.   \n\nThis is what we ordered:\n-  A cup of Tom Yum Koong soup\n-  A cup of Tom Kah Kai soup\n-  Shrimp in a blanket (shrimp wrapped with bacon and wonton wrappers then deep fried).  \n-  Crispy duck with Panang Curry\n-  Soft Shell Crab with Drunken Noodles\n\nEverything was DELICIOUS.  My favorites were the soups and soft shell crab with drunken noodles.  The depth of flavor they were able to infuse into the soups really made them memorable.  You could taste all the wonderful flavors of Thailand in those little cups - lemongrass, lime, chili, etc.  Mmm... \n\nThe soft shell crab was perfectly fried and layered beautifully atop the flat noodles (like the ones they use for Pad See Ew).  There were so many popping flavors that the dish still danced on my tongue hours after we had eaten.  I highly recommend this dish!\n\nI was least impressed by the Crispy Duck Panang Curry even though it was still good.  I think I like really unique, bold flavors and the red panang curry tasted pretty similar to other Thai places.  The deep fried duck was good, but nothing beats Chinese peking duck - I couldn't help but compare.\n\nCan't wait to come back again.  This place is a must try for those who enjoy Thai food!", "Came here with somewhat high expectations considering the reviews and pictures of famous people on the wall.\n\nExtremely good food.  I have Thai food many other places but this was one of the best ones I've had.  I had the duck with drunken noodle and some garlic friend shrimp.  Both I recommend.  I wish they had a location back in my state, I would go frequently.\n\nIf you are visiting Las Vegas, I highly recommend trying this place out for a meal at the very least.  It is located in a somewhat seedy looking strip mall but don't judge a book by it's cover.", "Came in for lunch during the week and it was packed. Was seated after 10 minutes in the newer dinning room with the bar.\n\nI ordered the beef combo soup since I opted out of the AYCE buffet for $10.99 The soup took half an hour to receive after ordering and was disappointing. I ordered 4 on the spice level and the taste was flat and the temperature was lukewarm. In addition, the menu stated it contained flat noodles which wasn't served and the portion was small. For the price they charge, the soup wasn't worth $8.95\n\nI would avoid Lotus of Siam for lunch in the future, it's just too busy and not worth the hassle.", "Definitely lived up to the Hype... \n\nAuntie Saipan Chutima, where have you been all my life??!!\n\nCan't believe this is the first time eating here in all the times I've been to Vegas.\n\nI have dreams about the Garlic Shrimp with those crunchy shells, \nthe delicious Panang curry Duck, and the crispy rice with sausage.... \n\nCan't wait for my next trip back to Vegas!", "Delicious!  I love authentic Thai cuisine, so I went with my nose turned up a bit, but I was confident that the top chef recommendations and ratings would not disappoint. Tom kha kai (chicken galangal soup in coconut milk) is one of my all time favorite Thai dishes and theirs is exceptional. The roasted red peppers added an extra burst of flavor.  My party ordered a variety of dishes and they were all excellent!  The Soft Shell Crab \"Drunken Noodle\" Pad Kra Pao was delicious! I'm not a big fan of crab dishes or noodles, so this one took me by surprise.  I'd order that again as well.  Definitely going back when I'm in Vegas!  I'd like to try everything on the menu!", "Delicious. Just what I needed to offset a yardstick! \n\nHad the Chicken Pad Thai (spicy level 7/10) and the Thai BBQ chicken.\n\nPad Thai was spicy! Just the way I like it. The noodles were nice and chewy, it came with the right amount of sprouts and other veggies to give it an interesting texture, and there was a good amount of chicken. Also had crushed peanuts on the side, which is a minor detail that I find lacking in some places. \n\nThai BBQ chicken was delicious, it came with rice and a sweet-and-spicy sauce that I could honestly eat all day. The chicken was cooked nicely, it was tender and savory. \n\nPretty conveniently located, it's about a 10 minute drive from Caesar's palace, where we stayed. I would recommend it heartily for anybody looking for drunchies :D\n\nOne note, make sure to get a reservation! We had one for 8:00 and we got there at 8:06, and they had given our table away already. If you don't have a reservation I think the wait is something like 40-60 minutes.", "Did I really fail to review Lotus of Siam?? I went here 3 times in the weeks before I moved away from Vegas, that is how much I loved it. \n\nThe Northern Larb, Thom Yum Kai, and Crispy Duck were my favorites. Also, get some Mango Sticky Rice!\n\nThere is an obnoxious bum that hangs out by the door. I'm not trying to be mean but I think he/she may actually be a troll. Kind of scary. Also, this restaurant is in the shabby part of Vegas right across the way from a swingers club. Do not be deterred - go!", "Drunken noodle with fried prawns...just unbelievable.  Most amazing Thai food I've ever eaten and the prices are quite reasonable. They also have an extensive wine selection. This is an outstanding dining experience.", "Eh. I was underwhelmed. I ordered pad thai and my portion was small and relatively tasteless. Trader Joe's frozen pad thai is far and above this place.  No knives on the table and I and my companions all struggled to eat with some modicum of table manners. My friends had the crispy fried duck drunken noodles and the catfish and they were all very pleased. Guess i just ordered the wrong thing.\n\nAddendum -- ok I tried it again today, sampled across a lot of the menu (a big group of us ordered a ton of different stuff).  Even more disappointed this time.  Ick.  This is the Thai equivalent of McDonald's or Applebees.  If you are in Vegas and want decent Thai, try Pan Asian restaurant on S. Durango St.", "Excellent.  Full of locals, this is what I love about getting off the Strip in Vegas!  The Tom Kahr Kah soup was awesome...get the hot pot.  Also had some great soft shell crab noodle dish...mmmm.  I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.", "Food is very good here. Have gone for the lunch buffet twice and was very please with the meal I got for just $10! \nThe one thing I would say is that the buffet is inconsistent. Went here two weeks ago and had a dish I really enjoyed, and went again today and that wasn't even on the buffet. Disappointing, but there were some other good options as well. \nAll and all good food and good price!", "Food was decent but the portions are quite small.  Ordered 2 appetizers, chicken dumplings and satay and both dishes did not have enough food for 2 people.  Also ordered pad thai, which was quite a small portion, just enough to split between 2 people and the prik king dish which ended up being mostly green beans and a few chunks of pork.  We were told the prik king was a spicy dish and we asked for extra spicy.  It was just mildly spicy.   Add a thai tea, one thai beer and a glass of wine and the total was $80.00.  Expensive.  Plus the wait was an hour.", "Food was good.  The only complaint I had is the shrimp in my sum yum soup still had the \"poop\" veins.  The Mango and sticky rice dessert was great! The carpet needs cleaning. The strip mall location is a bit odd.  Give it a try you will be delighted.", "Great and authentic thai food!  It's really unbelievable and the staff was friendly and attentive.  The portions are awesome and the spice is authentic and delicious.", "Great thai food. The only downside is that it can get really busy since it's very well known.", "I don't know why I bother rating a restaurant with over a thousand ratings and a 4 star average. Anyway. Don't come here for the atmosphere; come here cause the food is fantastic. \n\nI've yet to find a better Tom Yung Goong soup in Vegas; most places don't bother trying to make a good broth and instead just bomb some stock with chili oil, which results in a bright red, oily liquid without any depth (I'm looking at you, Komol). Okay, I'm gonna stop being all OCD about soup now.", "I heard about Lotus of Siam years ago from a friend but being stuck on the strip each and every time I visited Vegas I never had the chance to venture out.  Until this time.\n\nLotus of Siam is located in a strip mall away from all the action of the strip.  When you step in the door you are greeted by a narrow waiting area filled with newspaper write-ups over the years giving kudos to Lotus.  If you are a drinker your best bet is to wait for your table in the bar area as there will be a wait--weekends can run up to an hour or more.  The bar is beer and wine only.\n\nThere are tons of tables inside Lotus of Siam with bright hanging pendant light fixtures.  If you are looking for a dark atmosphere you won't find it here.  \n\nLotus of Siam has really great tasting Thai food plus an excellent selection of wine.  I had the drunken noodle crab.  It was good but a bit steep in cost at $19.  My friend had a beef dish that cost $18 that she felt was overpriced.  I feel like your best bet is to order from their basic Thai side of the expansive menu as those dishes are $10 or less and will be same portion size and just as tasty.\n\nTip for the restaurant:  the food is served in shallow dishes which means that it gets cold quickly.  Serving it in deeper plates would be a great improvement.", "I just came back Vegas, this place is great. There was a line up for dinner on a weekday, so its definately a hit with everyone. For appetizer I had Nam Kao Tod (crunchy salad) &  with Tom Kha Kai (soup) which was flavourable and aromatic. For main I had Khao soi with tofu (curry) & Green Chicken Curry was delicious. Finally dessert, I had coconut ice cream which was very pleasent not too sweet. I wish this place was bigger but for what it is, one word awesome!", "I returned and I am still a fan! The line still goes out the door for this place.  I ordered the same meal I had 4 years ago: Tom Ka Khai soup and mussaman. Deeee-lish!  It's really interesting to try the soup at other Thai restaurants and then to try it here. The flavors are so well balanced (although it's still a bit salty!)  The mussaman was delicious as well, and I swear I tasted lemongrass in it.  \n\nThis place has quite a wine selection. My friend is a connoisseur and was impressed with their German selections in particular. \n\nWe did not get reservations but showed up on a weekday around 6:30 and were seated about 10 minutes later. The restaurant was not at all full, but apparently there is a shortage of menus, causing the delay.  Service in general is VERY slow. People who showed up after we did were served before we were, however, for reasons unknown.", "I showed up from Sacramento, California with high anticipation from reviews, reputation and recommendation.  Twenty dollar cab ride from the strip as we approach I'm thinking... uh are you sure this is it?  I'm reassured as I wait in a 70's strip mall for the door to open as other cabs and streams of people begin to show before the doors open on a Monday evening.\n\nThe chicken wings had to have one of the best flavors I've ever tasted on wings in my life.  I could sit there and eat enough of those alone to get sick to my stomach.  Service was on par as this place steadily filled up.  Dishes came out fast to our table and the owner came out and snapped a photo upon request from our table.  Hey I'm no Joe Montana but I took a picture just like he did.  They are so humble towards people from all over the world who come to eat their food.\n\nOur table had some common dishes Americans are use to and everything met or exceeded expectations.  If you ever, ever are in Vegas and want Thai food this is the place.  They also have won consecutive national awards for their wine list.  I will remember this as champagne taste on a beer budget.  Absolute awesomeness!", "I told a coworker of mine that my husband and I were headed to Vegas and we would be doing some touristy things the first day and would have a car. She immediately pointed me in the direction of Lotus of Siam. She said it was an amazing Thai place and that if we had a car we should definitely check it out. I followed her advice and was so happy I did! My husband, who isn't the hugest fan of Thai, and I both enjoyed the meal we had. We ordered more than we could eat (and without having a fridge in our hotel room, we couldn't take any leftovers with us) and we were both very satisfied with our choices.\n\nI will say that I was at first very intimated by the menu. It's more than 10-pages long with a list of your standard curries, in addition to the numerous traditional dishes, plus dishes from different regions of Thailand, add to that a page or more of noodle dishes, salads, appetizers, etc.. - It is enormous! It took us a while, but we finally decided on 3 dishes we had never tried before: Spicy Shrimp Salad, Catfish red curry (without coconut milk), and a Thai-style sausage. We also ordered Pad Thai as sort of a \"control\" dish (something we're both familiar with). They have an huge (and rather impressive) wine list, but neither of us really think about pairing Thai with wine, so we stuck with beer (Singha) instead. \n\nFirst, the sausage was delicious. It was a country-style sausage, with big pieces of meat and fat in natural casing, simply seared and served with spears of fresh ginger, a few tiny (but VERY spicy) chili peppers, fresh cabbage, and toasted peanuts. Both of us were really taken by surprised at how flavorful the sausage was. There was a tart/sour almost citrus-y taste to the meat, like it had been pickled or brined before being chopped/ground and stuffed into its casing. This actually allowed the sausage to taste less dense than it was (it was a dry sausage, more meat than fat, and the citrus or whatever sour note cut through the meat). Taking a bite of the fresh ginger with a slice of sausage made for a perfect combo. This was, overall, our favorite dish.\n\nThe catfish curry was very good, although it was similar to other red curries I've tried. I had never had curry with catfish and the fish was fresh and nicely cooked (not under-cooked and certainly not overcooked). Unfortunately, the zucchini was rather mushy, even though the green beans were al dente. It had a nice heat and the flavor was there. Honestly, this was just OK compared to everything else.\n\nThe Spicy Shrimp Salad was surprisingly good and spicy. The shrimp were just this side of cooked, so still a little soft but completely cooked through, and they were huge. They were tossed with a chunky salad dressing of kaffir leaf, fish sauce, soy sauce, basil, chili peppers and probably some tamarind, plus a number of other things I couldn't quite pick out. This was all presented on a bed of roughly chopped Romaine lettuce. I could've done with smaller pieces of lettuce, as they were huge and rib-y compared to the shrimp and dressing. Ultimately, it was very good and something I would have never thought to order. I wish it was served earlier than the other dishes, more like a salad/appetizer course, rather than the last thing brought to the table.\n\nLastly, our \"control\" dish of the Pad Thai was a welcome comfort. It was actually the best Pad Thai I've ever had before. The balance of savory, sweet, sour, and salty was perfect. The noodles were cooked well and the add-ins of sprouts, chicken, and peppers were all nicely incorporated. There was a depth of flavor in their Pad Thai that really made the dish stand out from the rest and I really wish I had more room in my stomach to eat more of it.\n\nThe price for each of our dishes was comparable to other Thai restaurants at home. I'm surprised at the number of comments by other Yelpers about the portion size. I thought the portions were all easily shared by two people, possibly three. Believe me, neither my husband nor I starved that night! \n\nThe service was fine, not stellar, but we certainly were not ignored or forgotten, despite being seated in the small room just off the main dining room. The decor was shabby, yes, and it definitely could use some TLC. It's at least clean. Situated in a run-down strip mall a few blocks from Las Vegas Blvd., it's as opposite of The Strip as it can be, but the food, I would say, is up there on the same level with the $50/plate restaurants in the resorts. If we hadn't had other dinner plans during our trip, I would've made another stop here to try more dishes!", "I tried the Drunken noodles with prawns.  The prawns were big and juicy.  It was delicious!  Can't wait to go back.", "I've been to quite a few Thai places in my life but none have compared to the flavor & authenticity of this one.  I went with a group of friends & one of them grew up & Thailand, so she suggested we go here on our visit to Vegas.  I noticed this place was popular before I even stepped into the door, because we saw a bunch of taxis outside.  This meant people have heard of this place who were visiting on the strip, etc.  Overall amazing food, great selection, & friendly attentive staff.  I will defiantly be coming back again on my next visit to Vegas.", "In the words of my sister... Lotus of Siam...fucking delicious!\n\nnothing like getting of the plane in vegas drunk and going here for lunch! Seriously I cannot wait to go back just to eat here (well and gamble but yeah). \nYummy prawns in a blanket! and their wine list is so extensive for a thai restaurant!", "Is it Lotus of Shame? \n\nI have been going to this place for over 10 years. I used to love it. Food was tasty and unique - and the service was great (tho, I hadn't been there for the last 2 years or so). \n\nRecently, my local friends stopped going to this restaurant, saying Le Thai in downtown was better - also, heard that two of my friends got food poisoning eating shrimp here. Well, I didnt take their words and went back with my clients who were staying here for a convention. \n\nHowever,,\n\n1. Service quality has dropped to the bottom line. \n\nWaitress were fine. But the real problem was these young waiters.\n\n(after writing what happened here, I was disgusted - I needed to erase all that. I need to forget. That was how they behaved bad...)\n\n2. Food quality didn't meet 5 stars,,, maybe 3.5. Used to be 5, tho.\n\nYou know, it is a bad example of a restaurant that goes bad when it become super popular. When you get tons of people, you have to cook fast and easy - waiters might forget about service - but then where is the quality that Lotus of Siam used to have? \n\nDon't get fooled by Yelp ratings. Trust your taste, because they treat you like a tourist who never go back and drop $$ anymore. Vegas quality. \n\nNo, I will never go back. As a local, I rather wanna go to Le Thai and Weera Thai.\n\nOh and yes, they were talking bad shit about me when I told all the things above. Rude. Very rude. I could rate as no star or one star for this, but I am a nice guy, haha.", "It's located in a remote location off the strip where one can imagine drug dealing/prostitution can certainly takes place behind the restaurants along this plaza. All the restaurant's windows were all shaded and hard to tell who/what goes on inside. My friend's first impression was to GTFO of this parking lot and eat in our hotel where there are plenty of lights and people which \"guaranteed\" safety lol. But in the end, we went in and ate.\n\nThe first thing I've noticed were the numerous pictures of celebrity chefs and celebrities along the wall including chefs as such Ming Tsai and even that Andrew zimmern from Travel Channel.  With that in mind and the popular reviews on yelp this place have to be good, then again Mr. zimmern eats anything and everything. We were told the wait was 1 hour and we were willing to wait. \n\nAs my two friends and I were waiting, one of them got so hungry from the thought that he was not able to eat within the hour he went to the next door Indian restaurant to eat a small meal lol. \n\nThe GOODS:\nThe wait was NOT an hour, it was around 30 minutes. We got the crispy duck and two more dishes which I have forgotten the names but everything was LEGIT TO THE MAX. One of the dishes was some sort of braised beef in a curry sauce. The waiter asked us how spicy do we want our food from the scale of 1-10 and we said 5 and to my taste buds, the chefs made it RIGHT ON. The service was excellent and I can not complain much about this establishment.", "Just came back from there,  its in middle of no where,\nSo i wesnt sure how good off strip resturant might be.\n\nSo im getting in and first thing you see on thr walls are\nAll this celbrities...\nAnd thr place is just packed!!!!\ndefintly  the best thai food i ever had in vegas!! \nYou should add the egg on top of anything you take!\nthats my tip.", "Lotus of Siam is a tad bit overrated. During my experiences, I had to admit I was a bit disappointed at the service and the food. The server managed to mess of a couple of orders at our table and the food was just okay. I did go in having high expectations since I had heard from others that this is the \"best thai food in all of vegas.\" Well at the end of the day, I could see how that opinion was formulated, as there are not that many great asian restaurants in Las Vegas...period. Vegas is more of an Italian, French and Sushi type of city. \n\nI have tried garlic chicken wings, which are supposedly \"sauteed with a lot of garlic, black pepper, and seasoning.\" UM these were just plain old dry chicken wings. There were some flakes of salt, pepper and garlic on the side which wouldn't even stick to the wings. I tried one bite and was finished...dry and flavorless.\n\nI also tried the drunken noodles which were just okay. Maybe 3 of our 5 stars at best. Some of my friends ordered some dishes off the Northern menu, which were actually decent. \n\nOverall, this is an average Thai restaurant and I would not return!", "Lotus of Siam was a disappointment for my wife and I on our recent visit there. My wife had been to Lotus several times and enjoyed her experiences. This was my first visit.\n\nThe food was average. The service was average. The atmosphere seemed in need of a remodel. \n\nNeither of us anticipate a return to Lotus of Siam, unless there are some steps taken to refresh or renew the restaurant, as well as improved customer service. \n\nWe are locals.", "Loved this place! Was packed to the gills on a Thursday night at 8:30, so that gave me hope.  Last place we tried on the west end nearly did us in, so fingers crossed, we jumped! So happy we gave this place a try.  Food was incredible, service was a tad slow, but that was probably because they were slammed with people.  No biggie, we had just gotten off a plane so it gave us time to relax. BF had the seafood with the flat noodles and I had the pad thai.", "Most authentic, delicious Thai food in all of Las Vegas! Great for a dinner date or order family style for large parties! Make a reservation, though. This is no secret! 14 of us were there last night for my friend's birthday and had crunchy rice, beef salad, tom kao kai soup, chicken curry, duck, scallops, and fried bananas! All were amazing! The waitress reccomended fried prawns, but we didn't care much for those. We had 4 bottles of wine (did I mention they have a ridiculously huge wine list?) and paid just $60pp for the drinkers and $45pp for the nondrinkers! We Love Lotus of Siam and will keep coming back!", "My cousin's bf had heard so much about this infamous Thai restaurant that he booked a 9pm reservation so that we could squeeze it in after our huge buffet lunch that day. My belly was bursting at its seams, but no complaints because this place was worth the extra calories.\n\nGood things:\n- Pad Kee Mow: This isn't one of the popular menu items, but I thought it was executed the best. The noodles had a nice texture to them and the flavor of the noodles were pretty good overall.\n- Crispy Duck with Panang Curry: The duck was just ok, but the curry was really tasty. The downside is that this dish is like $20 for a few measly pieces of deep fried bird.\n- Pad Thai: Another typical Thai restaurant item, but the noodles here are really thin and the color doesn't appear to be as artificially orange as at other places.\n- Service: They have really great service here. Waiters always stopped by to fill glasses of water and always with a smile. \n- Variety of choices: This restaurant's menu is literally a book. It is HUGE. Here you will find Thai dishes from all different regions, and all seemingly pretty tasty.\n\nJust ok:\n- Drunken noodles with crab: Most excited to try this, but the crab was disappointing. It was so fried that it was soft and soggy. \n- Nam Kao Tod: The crispy fried rice appetizer; this had a funky sour taste, but I was the only one at my table that didn't enjoy it so to each his own!\n\nThe good thing is that their menu is so extensive that picky eaters will have to find something to like. The not so good things are that portion sizes aren't huge for what you're paying for. Also, just to note, they make their food SPICY (even mild is hot hot hot), and if you make reservations there's a 5-minute grace period for your party to arrive by. Not so forgiving :/ Ultimately, I'm not sure if it's worth making a trip out of the strip for again, but worth a try!", "My friend who lives in vegas warned me that the prices were steep and the portions are small. And he was right. Everything that was on the menu was at least 2 to 7 dollars too expensive. I ordered the thai fried rice with pork and the nam prik ong (best thing I ever ate-food network). The thai fried rice was not only small, but also generic. The saving grace was the nam prik ong. Other than that, most of the menu items can be found at sanamluang in Hollywood, California (thai town). Sanamluang not only tastes better than Lotus of Siam, but also costs less and offers more portions. To be frank, I was tempted in giving this place a 2 star review. The nam prik ong was delicious, but wasn't worth the ten bucks I paid for it. The small serving of nam prik ong showed me that this place was nothing but a scam on people who can't get good thai food in Las Vegas. Alas, the nam prik ong did taste good, so I must give this place one star above two. Overall, I regret spending $20 something dollars here.", "My long awaited return to Lotus.\n\nAs most people know, the TV food shows love to rave about this place, in some cases with good reason, as we have our own favorite Thai restaurant (check my reviews, it isn't hard to figure out) and we would be eating there the following night, it gave me a good chance to compare dishes.\n\nSo direct comparison...\n\nChicken Sa-tay: Both restaurants do a good Sa-Tay, the taste of the chicken itself goes to Lotus, but it is close, however the other place has a far better peanut sauce.\n\nChicken Wings....Lotus all the way, man I could eat a bucket full of those babies.\n\nChicken Pad Thai...The other restaurant is far better, the taste element just isn't there with Lotus and there is a definite texture issue.\n\nChicken curry...Both places are good, I would say the other is slightly better.\n\nNow to be fair, on previous trips to Lotus I have had to amazing dishes, they were specials of the day, but I think it is fair to mention at least one, the sea bass was amazing, I really wish they would put this one the menu, perfectly cooked, great texture and flavors.\n\nOn this last trip though, what really let it down was the service, we were the second group to be seated, the second group to order, our drinks we delivered quickly, the same with the appetizers..... Then nothing...for over an hour, fortunately our little group only gets to meet a couple of times a year, so we had plenty to talk about, but still, watching tables have their food delivered after they had been seated way after us is slightly annoying to say the least. The service itself was well remote to say the least, yes I know this place is busy no matter what, yes I know they will stay busy with the TV shows promoting them, but I really don't care, if the service stays like this then Lotus goes on my no dine list...\n\nIf not for the service Lotus would have gotten a 4 star rating from me, as ever food is an extremely personal thing, what one person may love another will hate, I have no issues recomennding Lotus, but there are better out there.", "My managers and chefs were throwing a congratulations dinner for me and two of my other co-workers for winning \"Employees of the Year\". To say the least, we were all excited.  \n\nAs soon as i walked in, i was greeted by an extremely unfriendly hostess. She showed me to my table(refer to pic) and of course i was the first to get there. On the way to the table i was taken directly past their amazing wine room and beautiful art which lined the walls. After my colleagues arrived, we ordered some apps to be shared family style.\n\n1.KOONG SARONG ( Prawn in a blanket )\n-Absolutely delicious! Marinated prawns wrapped with bacon and rice paper crepe, deep fried, served with sweet and sour sauce.\n2.STUFFED CHICKEN WINGS\n-Good. Chicken wings stuffed with ground pork deep fried, served with sweet & sour sauce. Without the sauce, the chicken was dry. With the sauce, Great!\n3.NAM KAO TOD\n-Awesome! Minced sour sausage mixed with green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, crispy rice and lime juice. We got this dish at a 7 heat level and it went beautifully with our wine selection!\n\nFor my entree i ordered the GINGER FISH(refer to pic) which is a deep fried whole pompano fish, topped with ginger accompanied by a black mushroom sauce. This dish was really good. I stuck with a 4 heat level just to be cautious, and it definitely could have used more heat. The skin was perfectly cooked. With each bite of delicate flesh there was an even better crunch. The mushrooms added a nice earthiness to the dish which gave a great balance.\n\nOne of my colleagues ordered the SWEET & SOUR FISH(refer to pic) which is a deep fried whole pompano fish, topped with Thai style sweet and sour sauce. which he had no complaints about. \n\nEverybody at the table seemed to enjoy everything... all except my general manager. For his entree he ordered DUCK with some sort or mint and ginger(from what i can remember). Not only did it come out after all of our entree's, but it was cold. Now we had a situation where no one wanted to eat until everybody had their food. The person that didn't have their food was, of course, one of the people paying. HORRIBLE FEELING! He finally got his food, and it didn't seem like he was enjoying any of his meal after that. I felt terrible for the guy, because he's a good friend, avid eater at this restaurant, and true foodie.\n\nFood:     4     star                                  \nService: 2.5  star                                     \nOverall:  3.5 star(rounded up to a 4)", "One of the best Thai restaurant not just in Vegas but in US!\n\nI make it a point to dine here everytime I visit Vegas. The quality of food is only getting better.....Service is ok. Definitely, make reservations before you go. It gets very busy for dinner (yes, even on Mondays)....", "One of the best Thai restaurants in Las Vegas and the US.... I have not encountered many Thai restaurants that are as good as this one... Really crummy area but the food is worth it....", "One word- HYPE. OVERPRICED and SMALL PORTIONS. Came in and saw there was a lunch buffet, but nothing piqued my interest so decided to opt for the order-menu for lunch. \nTried the:\n1) Rad na ~$10\n2) Panang Curry (beef)  - ~11\n\nWas not impressed at all. It was good, but not THAT good. The portion of the panang curry was on the stingy side ( less than 1 cup) and the rad na was not very memorable. Overpriced for the amount of food you get.", "Overhyped thai.  Not the best.", "Saw this place highlighted on \"Top Chef Masters\" and knew that I wanted to try it.  I was NOT disappointed.  The restaurant was clean, the staff was friendly and the food was tremendously delicious.  If you like Thai food, this is the place to go in Vegas, hands down.  The ingredients were so fresh and tasty.  I had the Cashew Chicken, Thai spicy ~ and I ate every bite on my plate.  PHENOMENAL!  Make sure you have a reservation.  Reservations usually denote a very pricey restaurant but Lotus of Siam was VERY reasonable.  No more pricey than the place I frequent in my hometown.  Cannot give this place enough compliments.  Now I am only sorry I live so far away.  It's one of the only reasons I would want to go back to Vegas!", "So after however long we've put off on coming here we finally trekked ($23 cab ride, one way) out to Lotus of Siam... for lunch mind you since the dinner wait was an hour wait. We had the crispy duck w/ greens, sea bass w/ drunken noodle, garlic shrimp, and mango & sticky rice. All which were extremely good I just couldn't get over the fact that those 4 dishes came out to be over $100 w/ tip. Not a big deal since we won enough money to pay for all 5 days meals & entertainment but DAMN! Was it worth it?? Yes but it definitely teetered near the edge of ridiculously overpriced, considering it wasn't on the strip in a fancy casino property (just carried the premium).\n\nWell anyways, I'm glad we came since it was always on our \"to-eat-at\" list for Vegas. Maybe next time we'll try Kabol or Archies for Thai. I would come back to Lotus of Siam but probably with more people. Also, their wine list & glass enclosed racks were impressive. Something you'd rarely see in an Asian restaurant. I'd like to think my meal helped pay for that!", "So what do you do when you just got slaughtered on YELP Nov OTM calls?  Why head out to Vegas and try to win it all back of course.  Well I wasn't so much a winner on the $$ front, but I win win on the crispy duck penang here at Lotus of Siam.\nThis is a seriously hyped up place and honestly, I have no idea what was ordered since someone in our party did the ordering.  Nothing really stood out, just good Thai food, but oh I do remember the penang and will definitely come here again on my next Vegas trip...or maybe just to get my \"windshield cleaned\" by the toothless cart lady that rolls in the parking lot.", "So worth the ride off the strip!  OK decor but that's not why you are going.  Great food.  Some of the best Thai food you will find anywhere!  Robust menu with very helpful descriptions.  How to decide... 2 of us got a soup starter, 3 entrees, and a couple drinks each.  For less than $70 w/tip - great deal.  This is a must visit for every trip to Vegas.", "Some of the best Thai food I've had. We ordered the yellow curry beef and the Chicken de Rama. Both were very good. The chicken de Rama had a lot of flavor and the yellow curry was like typical yellow curry we've had at other Thai places, and also very good. We chose a spice level or 3, which was perfect. \n\nThe service was great, the inside of the restaurant was nice. Outside was a little sketchy.  I would knock half a star off for the portion size.  It was decent portions but the de Rama was on the small side.", "Soooo dissapointed :((( Chef Saipin Chutima would of been ashamed of whomever cooked my entree! I had waited two months to visit as a special occasion for my birthday and I passed up going to Ramsay's Steak House for this!  We moved here 3 months ago from Seattle  where there is an abundance of Asian restaurants so I know good Thai food!!! First, yes it's a little whole in the  wall which I was prepared for from doing my research but REALLY their sign wasn't even illuminated on the building making it difficult to even see the dang place in the dark. Then the hour long wait even though i called promptly when their doors opened that evening to make reservations and was told they where full. Finally seated, I had already chosen my entree by looking at there website and although I wanted to order 12 things I chose a fave of Moo Yang.  Had an appetizer of tempura, I have never had tempura with thick crunchy  batter.....that's not tempura. And it was suppose to be vege and shrimp, there where 4 small pieces of vege and the shrimp had been cut in half all for 10.95.  For such a huge menu was disappointing there wasn't no crab rangoons or fresh rolls on there app menu. My entre of Moo Yang was DRY almost shamefully so! No vege's  just a plate of meat that looked like it was tossed around the plate to make it appear it fllled the plate......... horrible presentation.and when the server offered me sticky rice I anxiously said yes but he failed to tell me he was going to charge me an extra 2.00. My husband had crab fried rice, rice looked like it was FRIED for maybe five seconds, just a plate of steamed rice as far as i was concerned.  Last observation I made no spices on the table!!!! Come on!!!! This place is renowned so being busy doesn't cut it!  There decor was not aesthetically pleasing especially the numerous pictures on the wall above me of chef and various clients in cheap frames and hanging crooked on the wall.  I have no intentions on every returning, So now my quest goes on for some descent Thai food! Having some serious withdrawals!!! I miss my Chili Thai :((((", "Thank you to Chef Saipan Chutima for coming to Las Vegas to share such soulful food with our city's growing culture. I am still so amazed with the flavors in his Tom Ka Gai and the complexity of flavors in the drunken noodles with soft shell crab. My mouth is watering as I type this review.\n\nPrices are a tad bit higher than your usual hole in the wall Thai joint but I would pay more to be transported again through food. Lotus of Siam has been visited by world renowned chefs, artists and actors alike and am so happy I had the chance to dine here. I can't wait to go back!", "The best Thai food in Las Vegas.  Don't let the outside fool you.", "The food really is outstanding at Lotus of Siam. The wine list is a tome. There are two drawbacks, though... it feels like a diner, and the waiting time for a table is LOOONG.\n\nBut when you go - you really should go - be sure to order the shredded jackfruit. It's a revelation.", "The food was great and price was RIGHT! I was brought here on a lunch date. Checked out Yelp first, and due to customer comments....decided to order the Drunken Noodles with seafood. THANK YOU FELLOW YELPERS!!!!! It was spot on! Seafood was tasty, noodles were delicious and squishy and the sauce was yummy. My date got the coconut milk soup and ate/drank every last sip. The whole meal was 24 bucks.... they could charge more, but glad they dont! I will definitly be back!!!", "Their most recent exposure on Top Chef: Masters had an out-of-town friend wanting to check this place out.  After our first visit  many years ago, I figured it would be a nice treat to go back.\n\nAfter making reservations for a Thursday evening, they told us they would only hold the reservation for 5 minutes because they are that busy.  Okay.\n\nWe were a party of six - four adults and two kids.  \n\n* Chicken Dumplings ($6.95) -   Basic deep fried wontons with chicken and vegetables and served with a sweet chili sauce.  This order was mostly to satisfy the kiddies.\n\n* Our friend recently had a Crispy Catfish Pieces Salad ($13.95) at another Thai place and wanted to try their version.  When he saw the presentation, he was immediately disappointed.  The pieces were a bit larger than he would have hoped and it was just an okay salad taste-wise.\n\n* The Husband was certain about one dish in particular - the Crispy Duck Curry.  (He loved it before and that's all he could remember.)  When the waiter heard this, he insisted we order the Crispy Panang Curry instead and assured us we would LOVE it.  (It also cost $20.95.)  I asked him if he was certain we really would and he said yes.  We thought it was just alright...and not really worth the $21 cost of it especially.  Sure, it was tasty but I've had better panang curry in Vegas for a fraction of the price.\n\n* We also opted for something from the Chef Specials - the Red Snapper.  Sure, it was a whole snapper at market price, which ended up being $35.  Our friend couldn't believe it when he discovered how much they charged for it.\n\nWhen the waiter initially took our order, he asked what our spice level choice was.  We wanted the salad and curry mild since the kids would be eating it.  However, it was far from mild and we were unable to serve it to the children.  As we neared the conclusion of our meal, we wanted to add another dish.  We asked the waiter for some suggestion and he mostly focused on things from the Chef Specials that were market price or didn't appeal to us.  We ultimately decided we were done with the meal.  \n\nI did take a quick peek at the dessert menu hoping for a saving grace but there was nothing exciting on there and our visiting friends were done with their Lotus experience at this point.\n\nOverall, it was a disappointing visit.  Sure, they have all the fame they could ever want but it just leaves us wanting more. Maybe we ordered all the wrong dishes?  We probably won't be coming back here anytime soon.", "This is probably the number one restaurant in vegas with extensive wine menu. Absolutely ridiculous wine list. From $6.50 KJ Chardonay to $5000 bottle of wine. They probably have it.\n\nNow, what about the food. I try two of their dish, didnt like one of them so gotta send it back and replace it with the penang curry. I think its only ok. Its thai food, so what can really be super special about lotus of siam? \n\nLots and lots of caucasian and foreigner thats for sure. Heard from one of my friend that the chef used to cook for the king of thailand. Maybe I pick a wrong dish, but I will definetely try it again one more time.", "Wasn't able to try the food\nAfter waiting for 15 min for service, we left!", "We made a concerted effort to dine in this restaurant, due to all the high praise and feedback from patrons, as well as its \"appearance\" on Top Chef.  We made a reservation [quite late in the evening, but it worked with our schedule].  We were brimming with anticipation, driving to our fantastic dinner experience!\n\nThe location is in a strip mall, which is OK, as some fabulous gems are hidden away.  The entrance was quite tiny, and people had to rub shoulders to squeeze in or out of the restaurant.  We were seated in the large room, which resembled more  a cafeteria environment than a fine restaurant.  That was not what I envisioned.  We requested to be reseated, and were: in the front room, but at a table which was situated precisely between the 2 paths to and from the small dining annex , so there was a constant movement of diners and servers, non stop.  Fine, we settled down.\n\nWe ordered an appetizer of the Thai papaya salad, and spicy squid, along with a bottle of chilled white wine: Vermentino Litorale 2010 - crisp, \"snappy\", pungent.  But went so well with the spicy thai cusine. They DO have a fantastic wine selection: the \"cellar\" is housed behind a thick glass wall, so all can see the abundant wine offerings.  \n\nThe papaya salad was deceptively simple, yet very complex in flavors - a joy for the palate.  The squid salad was fabulously delicious, but extremely spicy: enjoy, but beware! I met my match in heat levels, and had to succumb to the help of thai tea with milk, to quench the inferno in my mouth.\n\nFor the main course, we selected pad ke mao with prawns, and crispy duck in cognac sauce.  My pad ke mao was awful!! The noodles were oily, hard and stuck together - clearly the dish sat a while under the heating lamps.  The prawns were absolutely bland, deep fried, and warm on the outside and cool in the center, from sitting too long.  I sent it back: it's an embarrassment to bring this quality of food to a diner!  They brought a fresh one: much better, but still missing the mark on prawn flavor.\n\nThe crispy duck dish was beautiful in presentation and taste: the crispy skin contrasted with succulent duck meat, surrounded by the delicious sauce with clear notes of coconut & peanut, and perfectly seasons for flavor and heat.  It was excellent, with the plain steamed rice.\n\nFor dessert we were dreaming of mango and sticky rice..... None to be had.  How disappointing.\n\nOverall, this dining experience was a three out of four: the service felt rushed, and yet my first dish clearly sat for a long time before being served; the restaurant is extremely noisy - quite difficult to carry on a conversation at regular decibel level; lack of staple Thai dessert was very disappointing; and the seating arrangements leave a lot to be desired - at least for me.", "We were told to arrive early so we arrived before they opened. The outside of the restaurant is a little seedy but the inside is completely different with very efficient and friendly wait staff.\nThe yellow curry was the best I've ever had outside of Thailand. The tom yum soup was divine. I wish we had this kind of Thai food in the east coast!", "Went there for my birthday cause I love Thai. What I loved was the green curry with tofu. Best I've ever had. Also excellent were garlic shrimp and soft crab drunken noodle. I wasn't so crazy about the papaya salad or the Tom Yum Kung. I wish I had more opportunity to taste every item on the menu.", "Went there on a friend's recommendation. The place is in a small shopping mall next to a \"men bathhouse\" not the best place in town outside of the strip. We went there at 5:30 pm and people were already lining up. It has a great wine selection, although  I believe it's hard to have wine with Asian food. The service was fast and everyone was attentive to our needs. The food was delicious, the Thai green curry was well prepared not too spicy not too blend. It's worth it's rating and recommendation.", "Went there with a large party of 13.. Heard lots of hype about how great this place was (one local called it a \"5 star\" dinning experience) so we were keen to check it out..\n\nFood: mediocre. They messed up the green chicken curry (seemed watered down!), which was a surprise given that's a staple dish. Rest of the food was ok but some servings were tiny (like the papaya salad and crab fried rice). \n\nService: good and why I gave this a 3 vs 2 stars. \n\nAmbiance: busy compared to the desolate complex it's in. We accidentally walked into the restaurant next door initially and there wasn't a sole inside - the waitress promptly asked if we wanted the Thai restaurant next door.", "What a little gem off the strip!! One of the best Thai food I've, even better than most in the Bay Area. It's also where a lot of the celebrities goes.\n\nHere's what we had:\nGarlic  shrimp  - omg, it is really really good and a must try. A little expensive $21.95 but so worth it to try. The shrimp is taken out of the shell but they include the shell as part of your dish. They cook the shrimp shell to a perfect crisp, almost like eating a chip. \n\nKhai Soi - $8.95 - also very good. It's noodles in a curry sauce, almost like a soup \n\nTom Kah Kai - $4.95 cup - the best darn soup ever!!! It's very similar to tom yum soup but with coconut milk and a little spicier too. Mouth watering goodness and def. a must order!\n\nDeep Fried Sea Bass - $28.95 - very good but in my opinion, pretty small for the price. It's deep fried in some kind of a chili sauce.\n\nI highly recommend this place and I can't wait to go back. The service was great, atmosphere was great, and the food....yum, FANTASTIC!", "World class. \n\nThis is by far the finest Thai restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of dining at. The food is superlative, the service excellent, the prices reasonable. They also have an absolutely shocking wine cellar. \n\nThe quality of this restaurant and the location make for a humorous juxstaposition. As others have stated, it's located in a shady, desolate, mostly-empty strip mall, but I've never felt unsafe there. \n\nTry the crispy rice appetizer. It's astonishingly good.", "Yum, yum, yum\nWorth the trip off the strip. \nVery crowded, but worth the wait.", "Yummy Thai food! We arrived around 6pm on a Thursday and waited about an hour and a half in the bar to be seated.\n\nOnce seated we ordered Thai tea, mee krop (a sweet and sour crunchy noodle with chicken and shrimp appetizer), crispy duck and the yellow curry with tofu. The duck was the perfect balance of crisp and melt in your mouth, flavorful and decent portion. The Thai tea was so creamy and delicious and the yellow curry had just enough kick to liven up the tofu. Very good all around. We walked out the door only dropping $50 on enough food for three people. \n\nIf we returned, we would highly recommend making a reservation, which they take at least 48 hours in advance. Other people after us were waiting for 2+ hours."]
[2013, "seaons3"]	["Absolutely incredible!!!!  \n\nBest Thai food hands down.  The crispy rice will take your breath away.", "After hearing so much about this place, (including on travel channel), I was super stoked to finally be able to try it. The 8 of us girls made our trek here from our plush hotel on the strip.  The storefront is a nondescript hole in the wall, located in a ghetto, fairly vacant strip mall.  However, once we stepped inside and were greeted by the friendly staff, we felt like we were transported to Thailand. \n\nThe food lived up to all my expectations and all the hype.  Here are some we tried: drunken noodles, crispy rice, sea bass, a super spicy soup, garlic prawns. Honestly can't remember what else we ordered since we went mostly by our waiter's recommendations. We ordered 2 of each dish and every single one we gobbled up til we were practically licking the plate clean. Service was top notch and their massive wine selection was impressive. \n\nTip: on Saturday evenings, if you dont have reservations and don't want to be stuck waiting around forever, get there BEFORE dinner service starts at 5:30. We got there around 5:15pm, were the 4th party in line, and got seated immediately when the doors opened at 5:30.  Your welcome!", "After reading so many positive reviews about this place, there was no stopping us from visiting.  We arrived at 9:30pm, half an hour before closing on a Saturday of Labor Day Weekend.  We were seated almost immediately but the restaurant was packed with more people waiting to get in.\n\nWe ordered two dishes that everyone seems to be talking about: soft shell crab drunken noodles and garlic prawns.  The dishes came out very quick and efficient.  The drunken noodles was a disappointment because the noodles were lukewarm and clumped together.  The battered soft shell crab was warm and delicious but combine it with the noodles, it was not good.  \n\nThe crispy prawns, on the other hand, was astounding.  The garlic batter is insanely good.  The way they fry it is neat - the peel the shell off of the crab but not all the way, they leave the shell on connected at the tail and they fry the entire thing.  When it comes out, the jumbo prawns itself and the shell are fried.  You get a bit of calcium eating the shell.  \n\nIt was a 50-50 experience.  I'm sure if the noodles were hot and soft, this place would be a 4.5 to 5 star experience.  Service was good and efficient.", "All the hype - we were so excited! Truly disappointed. Each dish was no more than a 6/10 and we love Thai, so we were hoping for magic. Sadly the dishes were small, the Penang curry was bland and the noodles were mush. Funny, best thing if the night was the wine...$30 Italian, Barbera and it was liquid gold...saved the night. Won't be going back again!", "Amazing Thai restaurant. I would eat here again. I had the dumpling special & Salmon special. A colleague recommended this place & I am recommending it to others :-D", "Amazing food at the most unexpected hole in the wall. \n\nI had heard that Lotus of Siam was one of Vegas' hidden off-the-strip gems. Little did I know how much of a foodie-find it would be.\n\nWhen my fianc\u00e9 and I drove into the dark shopping center parking lot, the one place illuminated, was Lotus of Siam. We walked in and were cordially greeted. We were impressed by the large wine selection and even larger menu. This restaurant features not only your traditional Thai, but interesting cultural blends of Laos, Burmese, and northern Thai foods. \n\nYes, you can order the traditional satay, pad thai, and curry. But why? We decided to be adventurous...even though we did order the satay with peanut sauce (to die for). We had some sort of sausage, a duck dish, a northern Thai stew (I specifically asked for the one without the blood in it...yes, they have some dishes with pork blood. I'm an adventurous eater, but not that adventurous. ), and a coconut soup that you just wanted to rub all over your body, it was so good.  I wish I could remember the names of what we had specifically. \n\nLotus of Siam certainly lives up to it's reputation of awesome and adventurous food. We're definitely going back next time we're in Vegas. Happy eating!", "Anytime we are in Vegas, we HAVE to go here.\n\nThis place has some of the best Thai food you will find. I have not had anything here that I did not like, and we try all new dishes every time we visit.\n\nGet here early (they open at 5:30pm) to avoid waiting in line.", "As a Thai girl who has eaten my share of Thai food, I have to say this place has the best spicy catfish with curry EVER. Pad kee map (drunken noodles) and red curry were good too. Definitely on the required pit stops in Vegas from now on!", "As good as it gets!!!", "As vegetarians, we ADORE this place. Nearly everything on the menu can be made vegetarian or vegan even if it doesn't say so. Just ask your server! \n\nWe had our first date here and every year we return to re-enact that beautiful evening. \n\nOur favorites: \n\nCrispy Rice (vegetarian style) -- truly amazing flavor, we could eat this all night. It actually paired very well with the\n\nPapaya Salad (vegetarian version) -- delicious! Our only disappointment this most recent visit is we asked for Medium spicy and it was completely mild. \n\nMangoes & Sticky Rice -- luscious perfection! Never disappoints. I've been experimenting with making my own but they really have it down. The crunchy fried mung beans on top are a crispy balance to the chewy rice and ripe mango, and I have no idea how to replicate those at home! \n\nI understand there are some low reviews from tourists visiting Vegas who may have had an uneven experience and felt disappointed, but as residents of Vegas who have dined here many times as well as at all the other Thai offerings in town, this place is the deal. If you had a less than spectacular time, try again. It is so worth it! \n\nAnd yes . . . the parking lot is a little sketchy sometimes, but this has no bearing on my tastebuds. Go with a friend!", "As you walk in, there are many articles from magazines and newspapers in many different languages, stating how great this place is! Venturing in even further, the walls are adorned with celebrities who have eaten here as well. Needless to say, after trying the food, we understood why.\n\nLotus of Siam is a not-so-hidden treasure just off of the strip. If you like authentic thai food, then this place is calling your name! They also have an amazing wine selection to complement the meal.  Everything we ordered had amazing flavors and depth. This is the type of food that keeps people craving more!", "Been wanting to eat here for quite some time now, and finally made it here last night. And tonight. Yeah. Yum-EEEE!! I highly recommend the beef satay with peanut sauce. It's a great appetizer and next time I'm here I may have 3 orders of just THIS!! It is marinated to perfection and I could almost drink the peanut sauce it's that good. The pad thai was also exceptional. If this place keeps this up, I may be going here for quite some time.", "Being Thai myself, this place definitely lives up to all the hype. It is really authentic Thai food that taste amazing. I eat Thai food all the time and can say that this place has really good Thai food. Huge menu full of all types of food from all around Thailand. Last time I was here, I had the crispy duck drunken noodles which was delicious. Duck was super moist and the crunch on it made it even better. On weekend's they are only open for dinner so make sure you make reservations ahead of time because the wait can be extremely long.", "Best Thai food EVER! I have to admit I was worried when I saw where it was located (ghetto area off the strip) but once you open the door, you walk into another world!!! Super impressive wine list. The waiter made recommendations so we just ate what he suggested. The coconut soup was rich and better than any soup from any other Thai place I've ever been. \nTake a cab or walk if you have to...just make a reservation and go!!!", "Best Thai food I have ever eaten. Restaurant is so clean from the table tops to toilet. Service was impeccable. Must eat here is the GARLIC PRAWNS. Go grub now.", "Best Thai food I have ever had.   Everything is prepared home made.  This is truly an amazing place for flavor sensations...   I also highly recommend the whole lobster..", "Best Thai food! The dishes are very authentic! We take a taxi there every time we come to Vegas!\n\nMust try the nam Kao tod, and mango salad! It really says something when there are droves of taxi cabs dropping people off at the front door. \n\nThe mango sweet rice dessert is really the best.", "Best piece of advise I can give you about LofS is to KNOW YOUR SPICE LEVEL.  If you don't just ask the waiter.  I've made that mistake once or twice and paid for it dearly during the meal.  Beyond that, most of the food here you can't go wrong with.  Try something new if it sounds good and generally it'll be amazing.\n\nI've been here about a dozen times now and the tom kha soup is what keeps me coming back.  Absolutely amazing.   Having said that, usually we'll order 4 or 5 dishes and chow down, it seems that all the chefs there aren't exactly cooking the same meals consistently.  We'll LOVE a dish one night, try it again on the next visit and ... well... just isn't the same.  It's still good, just not mind-blowing *shruggs* can't win them all.\n\nIf you know you are planning on trying here, MAKE RESERVATIONS, if you are trying to get in last minute at dinner time, try showing up 15/20/30min before they open.  The line usually will already be forming at the time but I've had good luck getting in that way.  \n\nBest of luck to you and hopefully you enjoy!", "Best savory flavor and they actually have Kai Kooah", "By far one of the best Thai Restaurants I have been to. The seafood drunken noodle and the larb are a must try, though the BBQ pork is also a must have.\nI give it 4 stars, minus 1 for the location and the noise factor.", "Came here at 12:30 for lunch and was seated quickly. The place is low key in a swinging shopping center (**rimshot**), quiet and rather large inside. Tip: do NOT do the lunch buffet. Sure there are 20 items, but one walk past it and you can tell it's not of the highest quality. Why spend $10 on 5-6 mediocre dishes when you can drop $10 and get a fresh dish that's sure to fill you up. \n\nHere was the order:\nCrispy duck curry - Curry is super creamy and delicious and the duck is crispy on the outside, while moist and flavorful throughout. A great dish. The problem? $24. I don't think I'd go down that road again. \n\nKhao Soi Beef- awesome little noodle dish. On spice level 7, it was hot enough to make me sweat a bit, but doesn't overwhelm. The noodles were long, the beef was tender and the curry was light, but packed a punch. A great combo. \n\nEgg rolls-\nEh. \n\nDef good eats to be had here. The menu has 150 items, so you're sure to find something to match your tastes. Looking forward to returning.", "Can't stop thinking about the shrimp dishes at Lotus of Siam. We came here for dinner with a party of 16 and EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING! EVERYTHING! Pad Thai was so much better when it was made to order. Shirmps were HUGE! I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!!! Make reservations! They are BUSY BUSY BUSY!!!!", "Deep Fried Garlic Prawns are so delicious! The garlic, lime chili sauce that is drizzled over the prawns is genius. The regular Thai food like Pad Se Ew and Panang Curry was ok, but not memorable like the Prawns. We  went here recently and had amazing service, friendly staff and was very knowledgeable on the many and many kinds of Japanese Sake they had. The Banzai Bunny is a blueberry sake that is my favorite sake ever. All of the sake is pricey though.. A definite must try!\n\nThe place is actually pretty busy. They a small waiting area, reviews and pictures of celebrities all over the restaurant that has dined at Lotus of Siam.\n\nThe place is in the boonies of Vegas, but once you enter the restaurant and eat the food, you can see why people would go here.", "Don't believe the hype. Mediocre food, service! For a place that is jammed packed you expect a lot more!\n\nWent there for dinner ordered the spring rolls which were mediocre at best the had the chicken penang which was ok and the had the charbroiled beef which was undercooked and very fatty. Waiter didn't ask how I wanted the beef cooked so I had two little pieces and my wife had the rest. Then the dessert had the mango sticky rice very salty ice cream tasted powdery very disappointed. Interior needs a makeover it's outdated and its not in the greatest part of town. Service was way too slow. I was eager just to leave this place.\n\nWould not go out of my way to eat here. Don't think I would come here again!!!!", "Don't go the buffet route! After reading multiple reviews on yelp I elected to take my family there for lunch -- we decided on the buffet and OMG -- where was all the hype?? I would rather have china star.. Every dish was typical and boring.. Fried rice, beef broccoli, chow mein, blah, blah, blah.. Sorry -- no exceptional dishes to boast about..", "Food is good...but the portions have gotten smaller", "Food is okay but so over rated, thai restaurant in same shopping center should try. \nI probably will not come back, service is ok", "Food was delicious and the atmosphere was far better than you would think based on the location. \n\nWe had a bunch of classics and they were all excellent. The tom ka gai was tangy and spicy and flavorful. My mouth is literally watering just thinking about it. We also had the beef salad which was great. The beef was grilled and came in thicker slices than I'm used to and you could really enjoy the grilled flavor of the beef. We also had the short ribs in Penang curry-awesome. Beef was so tender and falling apart which is just how I like my slow cooked shot ribs. Lots of delicious curry. And we had sea bass on drunken noodles. The noodles were smokey and flavorful on their own. Pad Thai was delicious but you know, pad Thai can only ever be so good  \n\nI was not expecting much from the location, but it is surprisingly large and bustling inside with a friendly staff and comfortable surroundings. Not very fancy but this is not a dive or hole in the wall. \n\nMy friends and all agree that we will definitely come back when we are next in Vegas.  But we will make reservations", "Food was good I have to admit.  But only issues I have is Why so long of a wait especially after 6:30 PM?  After my party was seated around 7 PM, I went to their big room by the bar area, And saw they had so much plenty of space left at least 30 seats available.  So not sure why they keep making people wait outside for so long, That's the reason why I gave it three stars.", "Giving one star because no curry entree found on the lunch buffet.  I inquired and was told curry dish is available only on certain day.  How could a Thai buffet without curry chicken or curry beef.", "Good tasting thai food, but the portion sizes are ridiculous for the price. Waiter was very nice and attentive. Overall, I'm glad I tried this place, but I won't be returning. (:", "Great place to eat Authentic Thai dishes! In Vegas!Luv da garlic prawn and panang!\nPlease call ahead for reservation, the place gets crowded easily", "Great thai food.  Came right at their opening for lunch on a Monday morning, 11:30am.  No wait but it quickly filled up by the time we left around 1:00pm ish.  Had pad thai, duck curry, a suggested pork dish, and their sea bass over drunken noodles.  \n\nAll of it was good, well balanced with flavors.  Not sure what it is with drunken noodles but it works.  The waitress recommended us to pair our sea bass with it and we're glad we listened.  They miss most of the pad thai for you when its served except for the nuts.  We went through half of before we realized it and finished mixing it in.  \n\nThe thai tea was on the sweet side so we added water to ours.  \n\nWe'd be back to try different dishes when we're in town.", "Hair in food.\nThe end.", "Hands down the best Thai Restaurant I've been to.", "Having been to Thailand many many times... and having actual Thai friends whose families cook like 10 dishes for dinner every day.... I can tell you this place is a WINNER!\n\nThe few people here who gave it bad ratings have no clue about Thai food. Lotus is the best most authentic Thai I've had in the U.S. apart from my Thai friends cooking at their homes. I think it's the mom actually back in the kitchen cooking!\n\nIt used to be a horror to make a reservation. You would dial 40 times and get a busy before finally having someone pick up and then tell you there is no space. But since they expanded it's a lot easier.\n\nIt's also cheap.  Best thing in Vegas. Move away from the high priced strip restuarants and have yourself an adventure!  And don't be put off by the nasty mall it's in. It's down the row from the infamous Green Door (look it up) plus a myriad of other skanky businesses. Though I always like to go the the gay bar in the strip mall for a beer while waiting for my reservation time I think it's called Badlands.", "Hubby ordered the Panang with chicken which is essentially curry chicken served with white rice. Spice level was 8. It was very flavorful and perfect on rice.  I ordered the drunken prawns, spice level 8.  This was served over the top of drunken noodles.  I like spicy food and would have preferred it at a spice level of 10. The prawns were very large and having the skins deep fried as well, it was very well prepared. The shrimp were very big which actually was quite filling.", "I came here recently, I have to admit I can't get enough of this place. I love Lotus of Siam. This is the best freakin thai food I've ever had. My friend and I are even planning on flying from L.A. to Vegas just to have dinner here. This place is a must when visiting Las Vegas, I mean c'mon just read all the great reviews.", "I come here every time I'm in LV. It is the best Thai Food. The menu is huge, diverse, and very flavorful. Be careful with the spices if you're sensitive. \nThe wait is rarely as long as they say. Prices are very reasonable.", "I could eat here everyday for every meal.  We ate dinner twice in 3 days when we were Vegas last September.  We had the roasted duck curry, green curry beef, Kha Nom Jean Nam Ngyow, Kang Care, Sai Oua , and the Nam Prik Ong.  Fabulous!!  It's no wonder this restaurant is a James Beard winner and voted the best Thai restaurant in the U.S.  The kicker...the prices are not exorbitant.  We spent about under $50 for two people which included three dishes, dessert, and drinks.", "I don't know what alllll the hype is about. There were 2 dozen people lined up outside waiting for it to open at 5pm, really?!?!? \n\nService - average. Not bad, not good.  (They brought out a dessert for my bff bday but didn't have a candle.) \n\n-Pad thai - very good. No better than Archie's though. \n\n- Fried soft shell crab curry (?) crab was mushy in the fried shell after 10 minutes. \n \n- chicken skewers - average. \n\n-papaya salad - tasty but not worth waiting in line for.", "I double checked to make sure we went to the right restaurant. I would rate the food as edible but not good. Very disappointing after reading all of the reviews. Wasted money on the cab ride in addition to the bill.", "I eat at Lotus of Siam for lunch regularly and occasionally for dinner.  My favorite dishes are Sea Bass with ginger, garlic Prawn and Thai fried rice.  I have had a couple of Northern dishes that were a bit too spicy for me but all in all I cant say that I have ever had a bad dish here.  The lunch buffet allows average people the pleasure of sampling awesome food at a reasonable price.  The food has remained consistent over the years and that is why this place remains one of the most loved places in Las Vegas.", "I give this a 3 because the portions are really small. Not for family eating. Food was all right. I like the thai beef salad. House special fried right is a small bowl of nothing, pad see eww has no flavor, they messed up our order, expected the second batch to be great? Nope, it sucks. Come here went you ate something beforehand, cos you will continue to starve when you leave. Not coming here again. Not worth 4 stars!!", "I had high expectations from the moment we arrived... The line was out the door and down the sidewalk and they were still 30 minutes from opening. I had the Pad Thai, which was good (not the best but good) and the spring rolls. Additionally, we got number 14, the crispy rice with sausage, and it was wonderful! So many individual flavors and ingredients- very unique. We also ordered Massaman curry, which was good.", "I had tried on 3 previous occasions to eat here but the wait was unacceptable.  I stopped by for lunch on my last trip to Vegas.  During the week they have a lunch buffet so I asked the host whether, my first time there, I should order off the menu or get the buffet.  He suggested ordering off the menu.  So I chose my normal red curry with chicken, medium heat.  The curry was good, I thought a bit mild for medium, but then I chomped down on a chunk of jalapeno that I thought was bell pepper that was not listed as an ingredient.  The only thing other than the chicken was some bamboo shoots and some basil and of course a whole jalapeno cut lengthwise. Also ordering off the menu takes a lot longer to get service and food. If I am in the area I may go to try the buffet as there seemed to be many regular customers taking part.  So far though I am very unimpressed, especially given the hype, and there are two other Thai restaurants I would prefer in Vegas.", "I have been eating Thai food since 1983 when I was living and working in the region for years. I really never get the kind of taste experience in the U.S. yet I have had a good deal of excellent Thai in the bay area and elsewhere. But this place is obviously a cut above the rest.\n\nThe special spicy beef salad is amazing......they take an already excellent Yum Neua dressing and add hoisin sauce to create a masterful dressing like none other. It was killer.\n\nThe spicy chicken wing appetizer was also as good as I have had. We are madly in love with the same dish at Bangkok House in Kona and yet we thought this was even better....the sauce was richer and more garlic. Also a killer dish.\n\nLastly was the pineapple fried rice which has curry powder added as a twist....something not normally done in Thailand. The dish was perfect and so tasty.........but it was small and for the money they should be using fresh pineapple not canned. But it was still good enough no need to complain and even the curry powder was a nice touch.\n\nOur waiter \"Tea\" is fantastic, great sense of humor.......and knows his stuff. Tea, if you read this thanks again for the tip on the special beef salad.\n\nCannot wait to go back.", "I have never had Thai before so when my team decided to get it I said can't hurt. We ordered early and it was ready promptly. The people aimed to please and were efficient. They also stuck to our time boundaries so they didn't lose a customer!\nWe had pad thai, drunken noodles, chicken fried rice, sweet and sour chicken and a spicy beef salad. Now I don't like pasta/noodles but the pad Thai was great with chicken. Nice flavor but barely any chicken. The sweet and sour chicken was good but barely any chicken there as well. What we did have was a nice balance and it was nice that the chicken wasn't fried. The curry varied depending on who you asked and the drunken noodles were good just had to use fork and knife to cut a piece as one big cluster. \nWhat Food I had, I  liked the flavor to, just need more balance of components. I don't know if would go back though as not big on rice and noodles and most dishes had one or other. I learned Thai isn't the healthiest as felt greasy after eating it too. Oh and we all agreed, didn't feel full during but after we all did!", "I was really tossed up between a four and five star rating but the food just goes above and beyond some of the other little negatives (location from the strip and the overall atmosphere, but both of these are minor). \n\nOn to the food...as authentic as it gets. The crispy duck with drunken noodles was as another reviewer mentioned \"life-changing\". The flavor profiles that were going on throughout the course of the dish were AMAZING! The skin on the duck was just as good if not a notch better than The Peking Duck in Chinatown, NYC. (That's saying ALOT!)\n\nWe split a number of appetizers including the fried wontons, the spring rolls, and my favorite the prawns. A definite must try.\n\nNot overly pricey at all and well worth a little jaunt to a less than desirable part of Las Vegas, but hey that's what gives this place it's edge.", "I was taken here for a belated birthday dinner. My sister, who lives in Vegas, swore that this is the best Thai food you can ever get, and with that, she booked a reservation for 4.\n\nThe place decor and the place itself is nothing special. Not the fanciest, but not the ugliest Thai place I've been to.\n\nThe food, however, is out of this world! I'm not too picky about Thai food, but I can tell Lotus of Siam knows their Thai flavors very very very well. Everything tasted fresh and flavorful. My favorite dish was nam kao tod. I only ordered it because of the Yelp reviews, and I'm so glad I did!!!!! The flavors are so indescribable... I just wish the portion was bigger because the 4 of us was fighting over it, haha! The rice is crispy with a nice crunch to it and it has a sour lime taste, combined with small pieces of sausages or whatever the heck it was that made this dish so amazing.\n\nWe ordered a bunch of other things... tom yum hot pot, pad thai, soft shell crabs pad kee mao, some curry dish, fried rice, and I forgot the rest. Everything was on point and delicious! Don't be intimidated by the extensive menu... just experiment and pick something fun, I guarantee everything on the menu will satisfy!", "I'm hovering between three and four stars, but my one time dining at Lotus of Siam was so long ago, that I will stick with four until I get a chance to go back!\n\nHaving heard so much about this place prior to even moving to Las Vegas, I decided to check it out for lunch almost immediately after unloading the U-Haul. Ah, the good old days (circa 2007!), when I had the kind of free time that would allow me to wait an hour to be seated for lunch! Yes, the most memorable part about the experience was definitely the wait time.\n\nBy the time I got a table, I was famished and impatient and opted for the lunch buffet. Nothing stood out as particularly mind-blowing, but none of the limited dishes were bad either. I believe there was a minced chicken dish, rice, a veggie noodle option, chicken wings and a few soups along side some salads and condiments. I filled up and left satisfied, but felt no overwhelming need to return immediately.\n\nBased on the other reviews and mouth-watering user photos, I know I will need to try again, probably for dinner, and order some of the more exciting options. I suck at advance planning- come to think of it, I did try to come back twice and found the place closed once and a line halfway down the block the other- but I do think LOS warrants another trip sooner rather than later.", "I'm sort of in the boat with about half of the reviews here and I agree that the food didn't amaze us as much as we had hoped for.  I was really excited to try this place out after reading all the reviews and seeing it featured on the Food Network a dozen times but we came out a little disappointed.  There were some dishes that we liked but others were just eh ... \n\nIt's located in some random strip mall that is pretty remote.  It's really the only place that looked open in the entire huge plaza.  There were some cars parked outside but as soon as we stepped inside the restaurant, I had no idea how big it was and how many people can fit inside this place.  After seeing all the people, I realized that all the cars parked outside were solely there to just eat at this location.  So of course, you start to get really excited. \n\nWe made reservations for 8:30pm on a Friday night and we didn't have to wait at all unlike the walk-ins who had to wait about 45 min to an hour.\n\nWe ordered the following (ranked in order of like/dislike):  \n\nTom Kha Gai Soup - this was by far the best tom kha gai soup that we've had.  They cook it based on a Bangkok style (not sure what that means) but it's freaking good.  We got the medium spicy level which was a bit too spicy for my husband (he usually eats average spicy) but I loved it (I can take red hot spicy) and I actually wished it was a bit more spicier for me.  You can order it by cup, bowl or pot which is nice.  We ordered a bowl for the two of us and it was a little too much.  We still had some leftover that I really wanted to finish but we wanted to save room for the other stuff. \n\nDrunken Noodles with Soft Shell Crab - we were a little disappointed with this dish.  It has a lot of potential to be a great dish but when we got our noodles, they were stuck together in massive clumps and it came out mushy.  They didn't separate out the noodles and that part of the dish was just bad.  The flavoring was awesome and the soft shell crab on top was delicious.  I think it had to do with them being in a rush since the place was packed and I can tell they just wanted to serve you and get you out the door as soon as possible.  I would rather go back when it's not as busy and try this dish again to see if the noodles will actually be separated this time because this was a great dish but the noodles just fell flat for us. \n\nDeep Fried Garlic Prawns - this was another okay dish.  The prawns are deep fried so that you can also eat the shell.  The crunchy shells are amazing but we felt like there was something lacking from the flavor of the garlic prawns, almost like it needed a dipping sauce or something else.  We actually took them and dipped them in the drunken noodle sauce which made them taste better. \n\nMassaman Curry with Chicken - I kept reading about all the reviews for the curry so we had to order one to try.  The portion size of this curry was pretty small.  It was a very sweet curry and almost too sweet for my tastes which is odd because I love anything sweet.  The curry itself didn't have as thick of a texture as I'd like.  And there was nothing unique about this curry.  It tastes like curry that you can get from any other Thai place.  \n\nOverall, we were slightly disappointed with the meal and we thought everything was okay not the greatest like everyone else points out in their reviews.  I would only go back if I had a reservation because I don't think it's worth the wait.  And I would only back to try this place out on an off hour when it's not so busy just so I can compare the drunken noodles.", "I've now had 2 dinners here and I much prefer eating here than having dinner on the strip.\n\nThe food is delicious and there is also a great wine selection! I've never been to a thai restaurant that takes wine pairing so seriously, it's awesome.\n\nMy most favorite dish is the braised short rib Khao Soi. Braised short ribs on top of egg noodles with the most delicious coconut curry ever. You definitely need some sticky rice to dip in the sauce as well. So good!\n\nI also really liked the garlic prawns. Very fried so I recommend sharing this dish with a big group. 1 is enough.\n\nNam Kao Tod (crispy rice salad) is a great starter. Everyone seems to order this and it's definitely for a reason.\n\nNo reservations are taken over the summer so get here early! We arrived with a group of 8 at about 5:10 on Saturday and were 2nd in line. By the time they opened at 5:30 there was a giant line. By 7:30 when we left there were TONS of people waiting..", "It was good but service was spotty and dishes are small. This place is tucked in a ghetto looking mall. Interior was nice with large selection of wine. Drunken noodle with soft shell crab was not all that. pad thai was good.", "It's worth the 1300+ reviews, and the five stars.  This place is amazing.  I've been here a number of times; probably every other trip to Vegas for me.  \n\nIt's not actually that far off the strip, but it's in this really terribly run down strip mall that feels really sketch.  It's hard to see from the front, and you'll think \"am I really in the right place\"????  Well, you are.  And you really did want to go here.\n\nThe food is frankly fantastic.  Every single thing I've had there is some of the best Thai food I've had, and I've been there with several people who have spent time in Thailand, and they said it was some of they best they've had as well.  \n\nMake sure to not skip out on the Northern Thai / Burmese food that's on the menu as well.  \n\nLast time I was here, we were in a rush to get to the airport, told the waiter, and the food was on the table in 15 minutes flat; it was amazing how good the service and speed was.  \n\nOh, and did I mention it's cheap?", "Late review: July 3\nI totally had to try this spot since it was featured on Top Chef Masters.\nIt did not disappoint.  Place was totally packed.  We had a large party so we had to be seated in two different tables.  Service was good.\nWe tried a little bit of everything and LOVED it.  My daughter is picky when it comes to fried rice but she totally loved it and wanted more.", "Like many others have written before it really looks sad from the outside but dont let it fool you. \nAlso the interior feels a bit like the school eatery and its not avery cosy place for a date but if you want great thai food.......This is the place! \n\nI started with the thai style beef jerky. It was juicy and great in taste but a bit hard to rip \napart both with the knife and teeth. I was kind of sore in my jaw after the appetizer like ive had a bunch of jaw breakers but it was so tasty i couldnt stop eating.......... \n\nI couldnt decide on what entr\u00e9e to choose so i took chicken with cashewnuts and oystersauce and the beef panang. The waiter asked how spicy we wanted the food from a 1-10 rating..... \nSince we all love really spicy food like thai and indian and ive spent several weeks in thailand i took 7 on my dishes. BAD CHOICE.......it was so spicy i almsot fell of my chair and by far the most spicy food i have ever had. We sat in silent the four of us but in the end ate ALL of the food. \n\nThat was how good it was. The flavours came through even though the spicyness and the beef and chicken was very fresh. We drank ALOT of water with the food but wouldnt hesitate eating here again. Would not go over 5 next time when it comes to the level of spicyness. \n\nPrices are good with appetizers from 6-9 and most entr\u00e9es around 10-12 $.", "Lived up to the lofty expectations.  Best Thai food I've ever had, bar none.  Really enjoyed the pork/fried rice appetizer that the waiter recommended (can't remember the name) and also ordered the chicken pad thai, red snapper over drunken noodles, and the crispy duck curry.  All of the dishes were fantastic and unique.  Service was prompt and helpful.  Definitely going to Lotus of Siam on my next visit to Vegas", "Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers! (Side Note: Got hit up for change once again in the the parking lot.)", "Lotus is one of my favorite Thai eateries in the Valley. The atmosphere is blah, the service is hit, miss, or indifferent, but the dishes are normally superb. The Nam Kao Tod is a great way to start off your meal (however, on my last visit it was a bit salty). From there, you can hardly go wrong picking from their extensive menu. Also, there is a great selection of wine (especially for an Asian joint) to plow through. Yes, you will have to park in one of the more notorious strip malls in town and probably get hit up for change on your walk to the front door, but that is just called \"adventure\" - and it is worth it to grab some truly great Thai.", "Lotus of Siam is phenomenal!! It's located in a strange strip mall (the first time I brought my parents, they said they thought I was taking them to a seedy strip club!), but once inside, it looks and feels like your average casual thai restaurant. Be sure to make reservations - it can be an extremely long wait without one.\n\nAbsolutely everything I have tried on this menu is good. In addition to the more typical dishes, they have a lot of really good catfish entrees - my favorite is the catfish salad, which has a delicious charred and limey taste. They also have some phenomenal soft shell crab dishes! Every single soup is good, especially the tom kha gai (I recommend ordering it very mild if you don't like spice!).\n\nLotus is pretty out-of-the-way from where I live, but we make the trip there routinely - it is so worth it. If possible, go with a big group so that you can try a big variety of dishes.", "Love Thai food? Then this is the place for you! Main dishes can range from $15 to $30 but we're talking about the BEST thai food in Las Vegas. So, for sure, it's worth it. Recommendations: Crispy duck panang & drunken noodle soft shell crab. Don't worry about the \"drunken noodle\" title, it's really just Pad Kee Mao, no alcohol included! Also, be sure to make a reservation. Walk-ins can wait up to an hour for a table! It's that good. For serious.\n\nP.S. Customer service is superb. Also ask for their recommendations. (That's how I found out about the crispy duck hehe)", "Loved it.  The hype was well deserved.  My wife had Crispy Duck Panang and I had Green Curry.  The duck was delicious and pretty much perfect.  My curry was tasty and well prepared though their spice level was a bit much for me.  It was my fault since I ordered it at a 7 without reading the reviews first.\n\nWonderful meal.", "Lunch on the way to the airport.  An excellent way to end our inaugural Vegas trip.\n\nEverything was what I read about and expected.  The dingy, sketchy, vacant strip mall.  The low key restaurant facade and interior. The extensive menu and wine list.  And then there was the food.  I have been eating Thai food for years, with lots of authentic, top notch Thai restaurants in my neighborhood. Lotus blew them away.\n\nThe tod mun plar (deep fried fish cake) was cooked perfectly and was a great way to start our meal.  I then had the kang renu nakorn with chicken, which is a red curry but without coconut milk and lots of vegetables.  Spicy and tons of flavor, I think the best part was how it completely cured my hangover.  My husband had the drunken noodles with soft shell crab, which was a phenomenal dish.  \n\nI liked that this place was mostly locals; while were there it was mostly hospital and office workers on their lunch break.\n\nThe lunch buffet looked excellent and is probably worth trying as well.\n\nI am glad we were able to get here and I hope we return one day.", "My second favorite restaurant in Vegas besides Raku that i have to visit whenever i go to Vegas. The food is excellent and the wine selection is impressive. Save room for dessert: I definitely recommend sticky rice with mango and coconut ice cream. They have the BEST coconut ice cream", "No. 72 mint and green chili beef is amazing", "Oh boy where to start with this place.\n\nMe and a friend decided to look for a Thai place in Vegas after a weekend of camping/climbing at Red Rocks. This was the closest place to pop up on our way back to Arizona so we decided to stop by and give it a whirl.\n\nThis place is by FAR the best Thai food that I have had in America so far. But that might not really be saying much as the rest of the places have been in Arizona. But there is no place in AZ that serve Isaan food and mm mm mmmm I have missed me some Isaan food. Seeing as how both of us have not had Isaan food since we were last in Thailand, we decided to splurge a little and ended up with a $90 bill between the two of us. I'm going to just reiterate that every single dish we ordered was the best that we've had in the states.\n\nWe started out with some Moo Dad Deaw (Issan Style Pork Jerky) This was one of my favorite dishes in Thailand and I was just beyond ecstatic when I finally found in a restaurant here. Som Tum (papaya salad) with some sticky rice to dip it in was next. It was funny to us when the waitress came by and was like \"Oh you eat just like Thai style!\" Tip. Try it. Soaking up the Som Tum juice with the sticky rice is oh so delicious. Again I find it hard to find a place that serves a good Som Tum AND have the sticky rice available so I was extremely excited. We also ordered the Tom Yum Kai soup to start out with too and it absolutely hit the spot. \n\nThen we finally reached our main courses. We decided on getting the Khao Soi and the Northern Larb. These are both Isaan (Northern region) style food that we have found impossible to find in Arizona. I'm not going to lie, the larb absolutely kicked my ass. But it usually does everywhere I have it. The dish was amazing yet I have forgotten how hot Isaan spicy really is. The Khao Soi is a noodle curry dish that is absolutely divine. I don't think that you really find this combination too much so I was glad to finally have it again.\n\nI can't wait to come back already to get some of the other dishes that I have been searching to no avail for. People might go to Vegas for gambling but I am coming back for the Thai food. It might not save me any money but it will absolutely be worth it.\n\nThe only weird part of the experience might have been the fact that there was a empty table next to us the entire time. The place was hopping, the waiting parties at the bar were getting to be ridiculous, yet there was a table for four right next to us that was left empty. Now we had a couple theories for this. A. It might have been because we smelled. Everybody was in their Night out getups and here we were in shorts and a tshirt covered with a couple layers of dirt. I wouldn't be surprised if there was a certain odor permeating around us. B. We had spicy food. This entails me sweating like a pig. A + B probably meant nobody wanted to be within a 10 ft radius of me. I will try to clean up for next time...", "Ok, this place has been hyped like crazy.  All over TV.  Chowhound raves.  James Beard awards, etc...  Can it live up to the hype?  YES. YES. YES.\n\nThis place was awesome.  We went a little aggressive ordering for 2 but we went with:\n\nCrispy Rice w Sour Sausage\nSea Bass w Drunken Noodle\nGarlic Shrimp\nKang Ka Noon (Spicy Young Jack Fruit Curry)\n\nI'd say they were all 5 star dishes except maybe the Kang Ka Noon, which was a 3.5 star dish.  Needless to say, I'll be back here for sure.  This place just earned a spot next to Oyster Bar on my list of must-eats-on-vegas-stops.\n\nThe wait for a Saturday night for 2 at 6:30p was 45 min. Me and my coworker had a beer at the bar while waiting... not too bad a wait at all.", "One of the best meals I've had in a very long time.  I was on a work trip and I was very pleasantly surprised to stumble upon this place.  Had a bunch of different dishes and one was better than the next.  Plus they have an extensive wine list and everything is very affordable.  A must go!!!", "Ordered:\n-drunken noodles w beef \n-rad na w beef\n-lunch buffet\n\nCame in around 1:30pm on a fri and got seated right away... Unlike last time where came in the evening and waited an hour and eventually had to take to-go. \n\nFirst, it took them 15 mins for them to take our order. Then I was waiting for my food. Everyone finished their food before they brought out my dish. And when they did, they got the order wrong. After waiting another 20 mins, they got the order wrong a second time, so I asked for them to take it off the check. Considering that it wasn't that busy, I'm not sure why service is so bad.\n\nAlso, the lunch buffet doesn't really get refilled much after 2.\n\nFood's good. Service was terrible, and they didn't seem to give a shit. If we ever choose to come back, we'll probably just order to-go next time!", "Probably the best Thai in Las Vegas.\nIt's located in a honestly run down looking shopping center, but they keep the interior nice and classy.  \nThe wait can be long sometimes at dinner, but the food is worth it.\nPortions are big, and they don't scrimp on the food, for example, a seafood dish will definitely have more than just 2 shrimps, unlike some other restaurants.\nI'd also suggest going to their lunch buffet if you want to get a sampling of their foods.", "Rude and somehow for a party of ten......we need to reserve two weeks in advance.  The staff just stands around at front and discuss personal matters.   When I went into back by the bar to go to the bathroom, there were like at least 30 open seats in their huge bar dining area.   Seems either owner is not present, or owner doesn't care anymore since he's so busy with his business and doesn't have to work hard to maintain his customer base.\nOur party instead went to Thai Original BBQ down the street.  They gave us good food and great service, now I know where to go the next time I visit Vegas again.", "Service was excellent; ordered chicken with basil and chilis; green papaya salad and seafood spagetti.  Stir fried chicken with basil was really excellent.  The papaya salad was incredibly small for the $9 price.  Really, the restaurant can do better.  Spagetti was so-so.  But, I can see why the restaurant has a lot of fans.  We arrived before Monday night opening, and there was already a line.  Wasn't my cup of tea.", "Starting to feel a little less generous about my rating for Lotus.\n\nThe last few trips have been sub par compared to my first two. Waiters have been less attentive and rarely return to check up on your meal unless they are hurrying you to finish your meal so they can turnover the table. Food has been arriving to the table lukewarm and under or overcooked. Portions are even getting smaller.\n\nI'm kind of embarrassed because I highly recommended this restaurant to my friends visiting and they were less than impressed. The only constant is the mango sticky rice. \n\nNot exactly planning my next trip back anytime soon...", "The Best Thai food I've ever had. Seriously. And ridiculously inexpensive too! Why waste all that money on mediocre food on the strip when you can get such good stuff a short cab ride away?!\n\nWe didn't have a reservation so we got there at 6pm to try to snag a table before the crowds got there. It was still a 20 min wait for us, but not too bad considering how popular this place is. Staff are very nice and helpful too when we ordered. Between the 5 of us, we got the crispy duck drunken noodles, garlic shrimp, jackfruit curry, spicy fried cod filets, nam kao tod, and the shrimp appetizer that is wrapped in bacon and egg roll wrappers, which I don't remember the name of. The description is so much better anyways.\n\nThe appetizers came out very quickly and were consumed all too quickly, so we had to wait a little bit before we got our entrees. But it all was so worth it. The food was fresh and so damn good. The shrimp were huge and the crispy duck were super crispy and flavorful! I was worried that the food would be too spicy for me, but everything was great! \n\nThe menu is extensive and there are so many items that I want to try still, I'll definitely be going there for several more trips so I can update with a more comprehensive review!", "The Khoa soi braised short rib was awesome!!! Get there at 515p or make reservations early!", "The place is in a sketchy neighborhood, the inside was a dump, the charbroiled beef was all fatty, and the Penang was mediocre. My jasmine tea didn't even taste like jasmine!  They even messed up desert! The sticky rice was poorly made and the fried banana was oily. The coconut ice cream was powdery tasting and not much flavor.  Not sure what all the hype is. Maybe people are just starstruck by the pictures of famous people that ate here a long, long, time ago.", "The renowned Lotus of Siam was a definite stop for the fianc\u00e9e and me on our trip to Las Vegas.  We went for lunch on a Friday afternoon arriving a little before 1 PM.  As mentioned by many other reviewers, Lotus of Siam is located in a sketchy-looking strip mall off of Sahara.  Unlike some others, though, we thankfully avoided being accosted by panhandlers likely because it was midday in July and we cabbed over from the Hard Rock (approx. $20 ride with tip), which let us off right at the front door.  Once inside, Lotus of Siam looked like pretty much every other family run Thai restaurant, although it was, perhaps, a bit larger and definitely more decked out with photos of celebs who've eaten there.  \n\nFor lunch, Lotus of Siam offers an AYCE buffet as well its full menu.  Skip the buffet.  We looked it over, but it was the standard fare you see on every Thai buffet line.  Instead, we elected to go with ordering off of the menu, which was more difficult than you'd think with over 150 various dishes to be found on its encyclopedic menu.  We started off with the Nam Kao Tod.  The complex m\u00e9lange of crispy rice, minced pork, green onions, fresh chilis, ginger, peanuts and lime juice was as tasty as it's been described by countless Yelpers.  Next, we had the Kang Ka Noon, a northern style curry made with young jack fruit chunks, with pork.  Not being familiar with northern Thai cuisine and jack fruit, we took a leap of faith on this dish.  Our faith was rewarded with deliciousness, although it was definitely less spicy or \"curry-like\" than our preconceived notions of a Thai curry dish.  Finally, we had the Sea Bass on Drunken Noodle.  The sea bass was delicately deep fried, then topped with a fresh chili and Thai basil sauce and served over pan fried, flat rice noodles.  The fish was moist.  The sauce was spicy and flavorful.  The noodles were perfectly pan fried, still tender, without dryness or rubberiness.  \n\nLotus of Siam may be overhyped, but damn if it wasn't the best Thai food I can ever recall having!  The ingredients were fresh and the flavors and colors were bold and bright.  Given that there are well over a hundred items we still haven't tried, it's a sure thing that we'll be back.", "This Vegas treasure was truley worth the month in advance reservation we made. I had delicious coconut soup that was pefectly spiced. We also go the papaya salad, drunken noodles, and a red curry dish. Everything was so tasty and fresh. I love thai food and its hard to find that perfect combination of spicy yet savory and delicious. This spot hit it right on the nose!", "This is the best Thai food , the dishes where excellent, worth the trip, we had the curry duck exquisite, garlic shrimp Wow", "This place did not disappoint.  It was worth the $20 (each way) cab ride from the strip.  Very friendly and knowledgable staff.  The service was fast, and the food was GREAT!  And wow, what a selection of Riesling!!!!", "This place is seriously good. Come later at night if you want to get in without a reservation. The drunken noodle seabass was the highlight for me. Servers are excellent and you can always trust them to order for you (I did this and it was fun trying new things. Great old Riesling wines that contrast the spicy amazingly. Have to order the mangos for dessert.", "This place is seriously the real deal. I love hidden gems.\n\nWhen our taxi driver took us to downtown, and into a strip mall, me and the boys had raised eyebrows. But we stuck it out because the reviews are off the charts, and for good reason.\n\nThe food is amazing. The cost is so reasonable too. Love, love, love, this place. The Nam Kao Tod is a must. It is so awesome, I cannot even explain it. Just get it.\n\nThe drunken noodles are perfect. The crispy duck is the duck is the way to go, but you cannot go wrong with anything here.\n\nGreat food. Great prices. Great service. Just great.", "This place is well worth the long wait. I would imagine this is one of locals best kept secrets. The restaurant is nestled in a shopping plaza that isn't exactly thriving but it's all happening at Lotus of Siam. The food was delivered quickly and was as delicious as the many other reviewers say.", "This place is what you'd call a hole in the wall.  People say that this is the best place for Thai food.  I thought the hype of how good this place is, was going to be the influence of how I thought how good this place was going to be.  All I can say is this is by far thee best Thai food I've ever tasted.  Hands down.  I've never strayed from the usual Pad Thai and curry that I usually order, but this visit, with a person who knew all the good things to order, last nights dinner ranged from prawns, to braised short ribs in curry sauce, to drunken noodles, scallops, to even the oddest dessert of mango sticky rice. \n\nMy favorite was the beef salad.  The beef salad is amazing!  The beef was a thick cut and tender.  And whatever dressing or marinade that was used was full of flavor.  I would go back and just order that as a meal.  I think we ordered the garlic prawns and that was one of my favs along with the crispy rice.  Everything that was ordered was delicious!\n\nI highly recommend this place!  Left satisfied and full!", "This place was good. I've tried it twice so far debating on what I should rate it. From all the reviews, I guess I had really huge expectations from this place especially since I am a big Thai food lover.\n\nOne thing I really like about this place is that the menu has Northern style cuisine. I actually have never tried Northern style Thai so it was a really cool change of pace. \n\nA big tip is that this place gets packed during busy hours. I came once for lunch and there was about 1-130 hr wait so I had to eat somewhere else. There was no way I was going to wait an hour for lunch. The second time I came, I came after dinner time around 900 and we still had to wait about 15 mins to be seated. The third time, I made reservations around 530 and had no problems getting a table.\n\nThe service is good. When it's not too busy the waiters will be on point. But when it starts getting busier, you realize that you don't exactly have a certain waiter assigned to you and it's pretty much a free for all. The more packed it is, the less good service you'll receive. When I came around 530 when it was empty, the waiters were really fast on our demands. But by the time it was hitting 700, it was hard to track down our waiter bc he was off running somewhere else.\n\nWe ordered an array of food. Drunken noodles with sea bass and soft shell crab, garlic prawns, panang curry with crispy duck, mussels and beef satay. All were okay. Nothing spectacular of sort. The drunken noodles were really OILY!! I have no idea why people keep raving about it but it's so doused with sauce and the noodles get soggy. The noodles break apart easily that whenever you pick it up with chopsticks you can't get a good bite. The garlic prawns were okay. I really like the crispness but I expected more garlic. Did not have a hint of garlic to it. My favorite was the panang curry with crispy duck. The duck was super crispy even when soaked in curry and the panang curry is sooo good!! The only downside to this dish is that they give you TOO LITTLE CURRY compared to the amount of duck!!!\n\nOverall, this place is good. I don't think it's spectacular as some people rave it to be. Its not really authentic too bc I've had some authentic Thai and it tastes better. Other than that it's a good spot to know if you're craving Thai.", "Three words....Nam Kao Tod. This dish is #1 on my \"last meal\"  list. There's nothing else I have found on this planet that compares. I have yet to find it offered at any other Thai restaurant....and even if I did, I can't imagine it being any better. Whenever I visit Las Vegas, I will come here for what I can only describe as Culinary Nirvana....a flavor orgy unparalleled.", "Twice a year we come to Vegas for work and I have been meaning to eat at Lotus of Siam for the last three years we've come. For some reason we were never able to go but this time around we definitely made it a priority -- from now on, I will be coming here EVERY trip.\n\nThis was hands-down the BEST thai I have eaten, anywhere. I am a huge fan of Thai food and while it is always really delicious, I have never eaten Thai at a restaurant where I was blown away by the flavor, ingredients and innovation in traditional dishes. I researched what I should order (there are magazine articles dedicated to what you should order when you visit!) and so our table of six ordered:  Som Thum, Crispy Rice with Sausage, Golden Tofu, Tom Kha Kai, Yellow Curry Beef, Garlic Prawn, Chicken Rama, Crispy Duck Panang Curry, and one of each of the desserts. We also doubled up (and tripled) on some of the dishes. Holy crap - everything I ate exploded in my mouth with flavor. The Crispy Rice, Golden Tofu, and Crispy Duck Panang Curry really stood out in my opinion. This falls into the top three best meals I have ever eaten in my life. No wonder this is a foodie destination.\n\nBeware:  we ordered level 7 spice on the Tom Kha Kai (Bangkok Style Soup) and Som Thum (Green Papaya Salad) and were practically blowing out fire. :-) Still really delicious though, but know your level of spice!", "UM.... my mouth was burning of spice and I could care less!\nThe flavors, the quality, the taste was above par!\n\nA few of my favorites:\nDrunken Noodle (spicy)\nPanang Curry (usually my favorite but this place spiced the heat a bit too much)\nGARLIC PRAWNS (I can eat these forever!!!)\nPad thai (usually the favorite... not spicy)\n\nUh win win!", "Vegas, day 50.  Final day of a successful WSOP.  Celebratory / farewell dinner for my poker buds.  Only one place fitting enough for this meal; Gourmet Magazines number one Thai restaurant in North America. \n\nIt's unpretentious in an unassuming neighborhood. Looks can be deceiving, be prepared for a true culinary adventure.  This isn't your average neighborhood Thai restaurant.  Tamarind paste, not ketchup in the pad Thai.\n\nTip:  The menu is huge.  Expert on Thai food, study it in advance else let the servers guide you.  Allow the servers to suggest spice levels as well so dishes compliment not over power each other.\n\nThe meal usually consist of numerous dishes served at once.  It create a play of complimenting and contrasting flavors that collectively make the experience. If forced to find standout dishes:\n\nIssan Sausage (a grilled sour pork sausage.  The natural sweetness of the pork shines through in this simple yet perfectly balanced sausage).\n\nSua Rong Hai (broiled beef tenderloin in a spicy, sweet sauce.  Tender with the spices bringing out the sweetness of the beef).\n\nPlar Dook Kar-Prow Krob (Deep fried whole catfish topped with saut\u00e9ed fresh chili, garlic, and basil.  Earthy, fiery, absolutely delicious against the crisp, slightly overcooked catfish).\n\nCharbroiled prawns (Extra large prawns grilled and served with a spicy, tangy tamarind sauce.  Beautiful balance again with the spices heightening the natural sweetness of the prawn.  The charbroiling adds a good bitterness).\n\nGarlic prawns (lightly battered, deep fried with shells on in a fresh, peppery garlic sauce.  Just good eats).\n\nMassive wine list (Wine Spectator Best Award of Excellence) with over 600 selections.  Heavy emphasis on Germany and France (Rieslings).  Very inexpensive.\n\nAnd to the annoying ladies dining next to us commenting on our unrefined choice of utensils and wasteful over ordering:  (1) Thai etiquette dictates you use your fork to put food on your spoon and only put your spoon in your mouth,  (2) you don't ask for chopsticks, and (3) it is rude not to leave some food on the serving dishes and your plate.\n\nAlways a great culinary adventure.", "We give this place 3 stars. The service was great but the food didn't amaze us.\n\nWe ordered:\n\nPad Thai: our favorite noodle dish that we always order.  The amount in the plate is fairly small compared to all the pad thai's we've had so I was disappointed.  The sauce and noodle ratio was off because there was too much sauce.  Despite this, we liked the pad Thai.\n\nShrimp Fried Rice: again, very small amount. We had to order two more sides of white rice (there was only two of us).\n\nPad Prik King: it was spicy and that was about it. I honestly don't remember the taste because it didn't make an impact on my taste buds.  There was nothing remarkable about this dish.  Won't be ordering this again.\n\nYellow Curry:  I LOVE YELLOW CURRY.  But this was probably the worst yellow curry I've ever tasted.  Not because it was disgusting, but because the chicken had no taste.  The soup part of the curry was good but once I bit into the chicken, there was no taste.  Absolutely disappointing.\n\nOverall, since we rarely come to Vegas, we probably will never be back to this place again the next time we vacation because there are so many other restaurants in Vegas.  The food in this place was a miss on our first visit so we will try other restaurants.", "We went to this Thai restaurant in the middle of nowhere just because of the yelp reviews. The place looked so rundown and was situated in a dilapidated strip mall. But when we went inside, it was bustling with people which was a big deal since it was the Christmas Day. The spicy Thai fried rice I had and the curry which my husband had we're both very tasty.", "When a friend of mine found out I was going to Vegas, she sent me a list of places she had wanted to try while out here and didn't make it to. Lotus was on the list and after reading all the reviews here on yelp, I was convinced we had to go. So, on our last night in Vegas we headed out to dinner (we made 6pm reservations but ended up getting there early around 5:30). There was no wait at the door like I was expecting. We got our table right away. Soon after we were seated, it was like the flood gates opened and the restaurant was packed. \n\nOrdered:\nAppetizer: fish cakes (don't remember the Thai name). These were really good. They have a slight lemon flavor, they come with cucumber pieces in some kind of sauce that was really good. We really enjoyed this app.\n\nMeals:\nCrispy duck panang: so so so good. I wish it had come with more sauce, but there was enough for all of us to enjoy. The sauce was delicious and the crispy duck was perfect. This was my favorite dish!\n\nGarlic prawns: another delicious dish!  The skins are separated from the actual prawn so you can eat the prawn, then the skin. So tasty and crispy. I actually only ate one though bc I was obsessed with the duck dish.\n\nSpicy sausage (from the Northern menu, forget the Thai name):  the guys I was with wanted this. I didn't like it. They liked it but said they wished it had some kind of sauce with it. \n\nDessert:\nFried bananas: these were awesome. I was picturing just one giant banana coming out but it was 8 pieces individually wrapped in their wonton wrapper with coconut, then drizzled with honey. It was like a crispy banana, sort of tasted like banana bread too. Very good.\n\nI really wish this place was closer to home for me.  It exceeded my expectations. I don't know when I will be back to Vegas, but I will be sure to come here when/if I am back. Was happy to end my trip with this as my last dinner here.", "While ridiculous adding a review to a business that already has 1k+ here in Yelp I felt compelled to add my voice echoing the experience so many others have had. \n\nThe food - excellent. \nThe staff - cheerful and attentive.\n\nThe only drawback which likely doesn't matter to most is the \"hole-in-the-wall\" aspect. If ambiance is not something you are looking for then consider this a five star review.", "Would you like the BEST Thai food in America? Go to Lotus of Siam. \n\nSuch a hidden little gem in Vegas, in a not-so-classy strip mall, but trust me, the food is 5 stars. Anything you order on this menu will be terrific but the one thing you MUST order is the large Hot Pot of the Tom Yum Prawn Soup with lime & lemongrass. IT'S SOOOOOOO yummy & healthy. \n\nI wish they would open in LA because I can't drive to Vegas just for soup.", "Yummy! Very clean. Not only the atmosphere but also the food. \nEither have a reservation or get here right at 5:30pm. We have showed up several times w/o a reservation and been turned away. \nPrices are very reasonable. Food is just perfect in every way. \nMeals tend to be on the spicy side so drop your number by 1 or 2 from what you usually order. At most places we order 6 or 7 but here we order 4 or 5.", "Yummy!!! They offer many authentic Thai dishes not offered elsewhere. They offer a big selection of alcohol as well. The portion is a bit small for the price but the taste makes up for it! Do make a reservation! I really liked the Hor Mok with Seabass.", "ce resto , faut savoir qu'il existe car il est en plein dowtown Vegas , mais quel endroit ! Impressionnant les c\u00e9l\u00e9brit\u00e9s venues diner ici , d'hilary clinton \u00e0 Bush , tout le gratin politico / m\u00e9diatique est pass\u00e9 par l\u00e0 . La carte est \u00e9norme , une dizaine de page , sp\u00e9cialit\u00e9 du nord de la Tha\u00eflande , fr\u00e9quent\u00e9 par des tha\u00ef ce qui est bon signe , la carte des vins incroyable( 7 pages) on trouve des bouteilles \u00e0 partir de 40$ mais \u00e7a peut atteindre des sommets avec des crus mill\u00e9sim\u00e9s \u00e0 plus de 10.000$ ! La cuisine est tr\u00e8s bonne et pas ch\u00e8re (130$ pour 4). Reservation obligatoire .\n\nPS : Ce resto Tha\u00ef est soit disant le meilleur des USA ...", "people aren't kidding when they say this place looks ghetto from the outside! It IS in the ghetto, but once you walk in, the restaurant is pretty nice. They have a huge menu. \n\nWe ordered the pad thai and tom kha ghai soup..both super good. and of course, thai tea :) I'll definitely be coming back here when I'm craving thai food!", "this place is so well hidden, i fully agree when reviewers believe that it is the locals hide this gem from the prying eyes of tourists.\n\nThe moment you step in, you realise why this place is so popular! the decor is beautiful, the wine cellar is impressive and the servers extremely friendly.\n\nWe had phad thai, green curry and some soup which was a mix of coconut milk and spicy tom yum like soup. The first and last dish were above average. I have been eating thai food since I was a kid and coming from Asia, the meal here is pretty authentic. what stood out the most was the amazing green curry! It is as good as the best I have eaten in thailand! \n\nthe dessert of mango and sticky rice with coconut ice cream was above average. \n\nFor excellent, authentic thai food, this place is a MUST TRY! :) prices are extremely affordable too! :)h"]
[2013, "season1"]	["Absolutely delicious Thai for an extremely reasonable price. Located off the strip in a run down strip mall, this foodie heaven is definitely worth the walk but be sure to get reservations because it opens at 11:30 and by 11:45 it is at max capacity.", "Absolutely loved this place.  Every dish here was amazing tasty!!  The Garlic Prawn we had even the shell was delicious lol.  Cripy Duck Curry... whoooo.  So good :)  Service was awesome.  Got to try it if you havent!!", "After a long drive from LA to Vegas I was ready to hit up Lotus of Siam. No buffets for me..they all taste the same. \n\nMy girlfriend was a bit skeptical due to its location on an old strip mall. LOL.\n\nAs soon as we enter she was impressed with the see through wine cellar and pictures of celebrities and Iron chef Bobby Flay. I also mention the owner/chef Saipin Chutima was a James Beard Award winning chef. WIth that in mind our expectaction of her Northern style food was high.\n\nWe ordered Drunken noodle with seabass and Prawn.  \n\nDrunken Noodle with seabass gets 4 1/2 stars. The noodle (4stars)  was good, but i was expecting something speciall. On the other hand the Seabass was 5 stars. It was crispy on the outside and melt in your mouth fresh in the middle. WOW it was soo good. \n\nPrawn (5 Stars)  This is something special that you don't find anywhere else. Its skin was split away from its meat. Which both were cooked in perfection. I took a bite of the meat first and then ate the skin which were so soft and crunchy. Its texture mirrors a crispy potato chip. This was a perfect dish!! \n\nThere many good Thai restaurants here in LA. I have never taste anything as good as Lotus' Seabass and Prawn here in LA.", "After all these years in Vegas, how did I ever miss this place?!\n\n\nWe got there just in time .... just in time before the crazy rush and 2 hour wait. (Yah it gets pretty crazy). One minute, the tables are clean and the restauraunt is quiet .. the next minute, it is jammed pack\n\nOur server was very attentive and you see him bounce around from table to table, taking orders, updating you on your order, and checking up on you. \n\nWe ordered the tom yum soup (with chicken), rad na, and crispy duck over flat rice. Everything was amazingly delicious. I'm definitely coming back here the next time I'm in Vegas.\n\nWarning - I'm starting to think that WAITING is necessary in Vegas (regardless of going into XS or going into this resturaunt), but it's definitely worth it.", "After reading about this establishment and seeing it on \"Top Chef Masters,\" I HAD to pay a visit during my recent trip!  I was not disappointed at all.  I ordered the Red Curry (level 9 spicy) and it was like heaven in my mouth!  The menu is very extensive so deciding on what to order was no simple task. The decor is nice and service is excellent. The prices are reasonable.  \n\nThis is a definite Vegas gem.  However, those in LA don't despair.  We have places in Thai Town that are just as good--just not soooo....large in table seating.", "Alright, let's talk Thai;  I could eat Thai food everyday, for every meal, I literally cannot get enough of Thai food into my pie hole. And I would gladly move to Thailand in a heartbeat if it weren't the sauna sweatbox of tropical equator hell, where  I'd look like a tool that had taken a shower in my clothes pretty much whenever I walked outside....  not pretty.  So as a consolation, I've been terribly fortunate to have the best Thai restaurant in the U.S. right in my own back yard, (well, ten miles away but whatever) within the first week of moving here, I had my first experience at Lotus of Siam and my world has never been the same since.  \n\nAnd what a surprise that here, in this archaic mish mash of tired trashy tourist sin reeking of cheap vodka and regret, there lies a culinary palace in the most unsavory of places, but a landmark nonetheless, (and ever since it's small cameo on Top Chef, the hoards of tourists have increased tenfold, making wait times to over an hour at peak times).  In a rundown shopping center east of the Strip, Chef Saipin creates some the loveliest, humble yet sophisticated dishes that make up for the lack of ambience.\n\nNow please, please do not be disparaged by the desolate location and crappy shopping center facade; yes, it is dilapidated and no, your car will not get jacked (many a friend have periodically checked to see if their car's still there) no worries, the homeless keep an eye out for ya!  They've even told me I had a brake light out, which deserved a buck...good people, those cracky addicts...\n\nAs you enter through what I can only imagine is akin to walking through the entryway of a Western Union in Compton, you've suddenly matrixed into a crowded, tiny vestibule that is indicative of the original size of the restaurant.  In fact it's recently gone trough an expansion, and when you've managed to squeeze past the herd, the room on the right is the expansion, while directly in front of you is the original dining room.  And the interior, although updated, has the exact the same finishes: green carpeting dark, mahogany wood chair rails, brass railings and oddly scaled glass drop chandeliers....it's like a time machine into retro...without the chic... which I have grown to absolutely love, like visiting grandma's house in the not so nice neighborhood during the Holidays.\n\nApart from your typical Thai Apps, (Shrimp Toast, Stuffed Chicken Wings)  The Moo Dad Deaw is an awesome starter, akin to a Bar snack item, to be eaten with a nice cold beer.  These succulent, juicy, tender pieces of pork are the precursor to chicken fingers, you can easily pop these suckers one after one in your mouth; as a good accompaniment, have some Sticky Rice to go with it; go ahead wreck your diet, you weren't serious about those New Year's resolutions anyways...\n\nMy favorite curry dish on the menu, which isn't you normal curry dish:  the Braised Short Rib with Penang Curry - this luxurious dish has all the depth and richness laid into it's protein not usually paired with Thai cuisine but definitely makes sense.  The hearty Short Rib goes so well with Penang, which is so good, Chef Saipin add Cognac into the Curry which elevates it to whole different level.  I bypass all the other curries cuz I know this one has the best flavor profile out of all of them.\n\nLotus of Siam has made me a Pad See Ew snob, ever since that first time I ate here, the quality and technique that is executed here is so superb; I honestly have to remind myself that it's not supposed to be this good!  First, the Noodles have that perfect texture; mochi chewiness but firm enough to achieve maximum noodle satisfaction.  Combine it with the Egg, Beef, Broccoli and sweet Soy, it's such an addictive dish that's light yet savory with just a hint of Black Pepper to tighten the palate...just yum.\n\nAnother all time favorite of mine:  Crab Fried Rice.  The way that Lotus makes this dish is pretty unbelievable, the rice is incredibly fluffy with a light infusion of crab broth.  I love finding morsels of Crab and Egg as if it's a treasure hunt and there's always a big hunk of Tomato wedge that's seems so out of scale with everything else that's on the plate.  But, as I've ordered this dish consecutively on numerous occasions, it's become a endearing and integral component that adds acidity to an otherwise aromatic, subtle dish.  It is a must-get item on the menu, but be warned, it's not an all out powerhouse of strong flavors, so you may want to order it as an earlier course before the heavier dishes arrive to your table. \n\nAs dining experiences go, it's all over the place except for the food.  And in the end, with moderate prices, I can't really say that anything else affect the fact that Lotus has the best Thai food I've ever had.  \n\nRatings (Out of Five Stars)\nFood:          5+++\nAmbience:  2 (much improved hole in the wall)\nService:       4.75 (they're always so busy, it can't be helped)", "Always a good time when your here.  We come here a lot after our hockey games.  Tonight was the Chicken Pad Thai experience.  Overall very good.", "Another delicious meal at Lotus of Siam, going to Vegas is not just for gambling anymore, it's to have the best Thai food in the Country.\n\nIf you still haven't tried this place, you are definitely missing out big time. This is how Thai food is suppose to taste.", "Been wanting to try this place for some time. My husband and I were excited to finally go...despite having difficulty finding this place it was pretty good. The menu was huge and I had trouble deciding on what to order! We started with a bowl of Tom Kah Kai...very disappointing. Pretty much just broth..minimal chicken and even less mushrooms. For appetizer we got the chicken larb. Tasty. Entrees were pineapple duck red curry and a beef dish with cabbage(number58) both good, but portions are VERY small. Not worth the price...bussers on point..never a dirty dish and poured our beer for us! Still going to stick to thee BEST Thai restaurant ever, Lao Thai!!! (Nellis and Harris).", "Best Thai Food in the country! Be sure to check out the selections on the Northern Thai section of the menu. This has many dishes that you just don't see on other Thai menus. Be careful of the spicy/hot ratings. I love spicy food, but the 2 or 3 star out of 10 is plenty spicy for me. This would be equivalent of medium to hot at many other Thai restaurants. Don't let the neighborhood of this place fool you, it is nice inside and never disappoints.", "Best Thai food I have ever had.  Ended up going twice on my last trip to Vegas.", "Best Thai food I've had. Everything was so good. Veggie egg rolls & war won ton soup and service was good.", "Best Thai food in Vegas! The worst location, you will feel like you might get jumped in the parking lot. =) But it is totally worth it. Make a reservation and go with a group. Order as many things as you can. It will not disappoint. My favorites are the steak salad, pad Thai and some kind of chicken (can't remember name).", "Can't say I eat Thai food at all back in Arizona.  I can say enjoyed the cuisine maybe 5 times in my life if that.  In that respect I was excited to try something new and exciting. \nLotus of Siam was perfect, we enjoyed several different dishes, but the Pad Thai was the best noodles I have ever had.  Now I know why everyone is always looking for this dish in AZ.  Cause its good when it is done right.  Lotus of Siam does it well and several other dishes.  I was a big fan of the duck, super crispy skin, a serious crunch to it and then the soft tender meat underneath it all.\n\nNot really a fan of all the coconut curry stuff.  The Soup ended up being an unfinished dish on our table.  We even went mild so hot would be ridiculous, like ludicrous speed on space balls.  My belly was on fire after our dinner here.  I did need some smoothing desert and found some ice cream at my hotel to cure my stomach heat. \n\nI would put this on your list of must try in Vegas.  Off the strip, but worth the drive or taxi ride. Definitely was a dining experience for me that I will not forget.", "Dear everybody who visits, lives in or wants to go to Las Vegas anytime soon:\n\nThere is a whole city off the strip! Most of it is \"blah\", but this little gem on East Sahara is better than most of those fancy, overrated celebrity chef restaurants in the major hotels.\n\nEVERYTHING IS GOOD. Their most popular dishes are spectacular. They also have a cheap lunch buffet with Pad Thai, a curry, a few other dishes and one of my favorite dishes there, the Garlic Wings. The Garlic wings are amazing...dry (no sauce) and little dry garlic chips all over - sooo good!!!\n\nI try to go whenever I'm in Vegas for work, and the place is always filled with business men and women having lunch meetings and tourists rolling in via taxis and rental cars.\n\nI am not much of a wine connoisseur, but apparently this place has a legendery wine list as well - I've seen wine distributers there on many occasions.", "Delish Dude!!  The Tom Kah soup is soooooooooooooooooo good (lemongrass-coconut milk), I could swim in it! \nThey have a buffet for lunch, which has mostly meat items - so I had the Yellow Curry with tofu instead, I was a happy camper fo shizzle!!\nIt's not an ambiance rich environment, so don't expect an amazing setting.....\nBut TRY to make a reservation if you can get ahold of them, it's ALWAYS busy and ALWAYS a wait, but worth it :)", "Do yourself a favor and make a reservation prior to arrival otherwise you may be waiting for quite some time for a table. This place is hidden in the same shopping center of the notorious Green Door. Don't let that stop you from going here though!\n\nThe very BEST Thai spot I have ever eaten on the west coast. If you're not a fan of spices order 0. What most Thai spots elsewhere consider a 5 this place covers in a 2-3 rating for spice. The soft shell drunken noodles are to die for. Service once you're seated is very quick. \n\nI'm not a wine drink or alcohol drinker BUT rumor has it they have an amazing bottle of wine and their selection is quite exclusive.", "Don't be turned off by the location-- Lotus of Siam is worth the hype. I opted to go for the pad thai and see how a James Beard award winner adapts a tried & true classic. My oh my am I glad I made that decision. Lotus of Siam is not only delicious, but reasonably priced! \n\nBe sure to call early (and often-- the phone was busy for hours) to get a reservation, as this place gets packed.", "Don't let the shady community center and run down facade fool you as there is a gem of Thai culinary delight awaiting you on the inside. Without a doubt, this restaurant is deserving of its claims of the best Thai food restaurants in the country. James Beard culinary excellence prevails throughout. Definitely a must visit on anyone's food adventures.", "Everything was wonderful! However this isn't the best kept seceret anymore. hour wait min. so get in early!!", "Excellent Thai off the strip! It was so good, we came here multiple times to try more of their extensive menu. \n\nThe first night, we made a reservation because we had a group of 14. We had to book this nearly a week in advance. After that, we were able to get a table for 4-6 people without a reservation near the restaurant's opening time for dinner. \n\nAsk them for their best dishes --  they're cooked to perfection. Other menu items are also good.", "First time here and it was great.  I plan on making this a regular stop.\n\nI'm surprised by a lot of the lower ratings for this place.  Well not totally surprised.  Of course there's going to be some backlash from all the publicity they're receiving.\n\nBut if you go to Lotus of Siam, and you look at the menu and say, \"Hmmm, I just want to eat pad thai, tom yum koong, papaya salad, and a bunch of other crap I can get at every Thai restaurant in the world,\" I really don't care about your opinion.  And if you gave this place 1 star for your review of their buffet, maybe you just delete your yelp account.", "Food is awesome!! Although there is a waiting time for dinner. There are plenty of tables available inside while you might have to stand outside waiting for a table. As for food green curry, yellow curry, red curry (extremely spicy), durken seafood noodles and padthai are a must try!", "Found this place on yelp and was already off the strip so I thought I'd give this place a shot.\n\nThis place is in a random mall with a bunch of vacant stores and you could hardly tell that this place was actually open. When I first came inside though, I was surprised to find a lot of people inside with a lot of families coming here to eat. Looks like a lot of locals come out to this place to enjoy lunch or dinner. \n\nOrdered the Nam Kao Tod, which was highly recommended by fellow yelpers. It came out pretty quickly and is very comparable to Thai Larp Salad but with a crispy texture with the crispy rice. It came spicy but not overly spicy and all the flavors mixed well with the crispiness of the rice. Also I ordered a bowl of Tom Kha soup which was very fresh and flavorful. \n\nOverall, I had a great lunch here and I'd definitely recommend it to friends.", "Good Thai food overall.  Crispy duck with curry was very good  but a little pricey.  It was crazy busy when we went, recommend getting reservations.", "Good Thai food.  I believe this place was made famous by food network which is why it's so busy.  The decor is nice for a hole in the wall.  I order the Pad Thai, Larb, and Pad See Eww.  All good dishes and made really well.  Would definitely come back if i lived in Vegas.", "Great good and service. We got to meet the owner and he along with his family  are wonderful hosts.  See if they will show you the wine cellar!  Its way cool.  Its popular so prepare for a wait of typically 30 to 45 mins - don't worry though, I promise you won't regret the wait!", "Had an absolutely fantastic meal here as usual. The beef thai salad and curry dishes are always fantastic here. The wait staff is friendly and food gets to you fresh and fast. Highly recommended and very close to the strip for access to gaming and shows!", "Hands down best Thai food on the West Coast!", "Hands down, one of the best Thai food restaurants to which I've been.  The whole catfish with basil sauce was my favorite.  The northern dishes are smaller and make a good appetizer.  Point of note, if the server warns you twice about how hot something is, take the advice.  The decor is not fancy, but the food more than makes up for it!  Make reservations and make sure to arrive on time as this place gets jumping!", "I actually ate here a long time ago, first time I actually ate here. My sister and her boy friend asked us to go to dinner there. Ordered many dishes, everything we ordered was excellent. Very authentic! Heat level and portions were very good. They are very busy.... Outside looks small but when you go inside its a good size inside.  They have a big wine room! Excellent service too!", "I always look forward to Lotus and start planning my meal days ahead.\nAs usual, I start with their Tom Ka Kai soup.  Only this time it wasn't quite up to 5-star deliciousness.  The chicken was a little dry and the soup was missing the depth of flavor that has always put it over the top for me in the past.\nFor other starters, we had the Issan sausage that gets raves from other reviewers.  It was good, but not a new favorite.\nThe entrees were far better, with the Sea Bass on Drunken Noodles being my new favorite.  The fish was so perfectly cooked and buttery that I won't be able to return here without getting it every time.  We also had the Nua Nam Tok, which was one of their many charbroiled beef options.  They do a good job with their beef and it had a great flavor with lots of heat.\nI do wish after all these years, the restaurant would improve its website.  The site has changed a few times, but it always seems to be hit or miss when I visit.  Stop with all the fancy stuff and just give me the basics: menu, hours, reservations.  Thanks", "I am Thai, and I gotta say this is the best that food I have ever had (sorry Mom).", "I came here at night for my last Vegas thing before driving back to LA. It was about 8:30PM when I rolled up to this place. My first thought was, \"Wow, this parking lot is sketchy looking.\" There are hardly any street lights. When I parked, I parked next to some Audi that had its front end smashed in and 4 flat tires. Then while walking to the entrance of the restaurant, some very sketchy-looking white male on a bicycle started to make up some story about \"his wife\" then asked for money. We just kept walking because who knows what kind of bicycle shenanigans he might pull off. We put our names down on the decent sized waiting list, went back outside, and moved my car just to get some piece of mind in the dodgy parking lot. It seemed like no one hung around outside of the restaurant which added onto the sketchiness. We ended up waiting about 30 minutes for 2 people.\n\nThe food was delicious with lots of flavor and textures. We pretty much only ordered from the chef's specialty section:\n1) drunken noodle with soft shell crab\n2) deep fried garlic prawns\n3) nam kao tod\n\nAll the food was a little spicy yet yummy. Again, it was my last Vegas thing of the day before heading 3 hours west and I was already awake for a long time gambling and such so I was almost falling asleep in here. Maybe my review would be different if I had more energy or was drinking.\n\nIf you plan to check this place out, make a reservation so you can minimize the time your car is in a danger zone. You'll be surprised with how big it is inside the restaurant.", "I cannot say enough about Lotus of Siam.  Every time I have come here, all of the food has been amazing.  Always start with the crispy rice appetizer.  The flavors are so unique and a great combination of spicy, sour, and crunchy.  I always order the panang curry and it never disappoints.  The Tom Kha soup is also a must have.  All of the employees from the bartenders to the servers are eager to answer any questions, help you navigate through the menu, and point you in the right direction of something you will enjoy.  Don't worry about it being too spicy, just tell them on a scale of 1-10 how spicy you would like it.   it's a gift and a curse that I live so close to this amazing restaurant.  If you're visiting Vegas and want to get off the strip for some great dining you really need to visit Lotus.", "I didn't like their pad thai, it was too sweet. \nThe seafood fried rice was very delicious. \nService was ok. Kinda slow.", "I had the crispy duck with drunken noodles, tom yum soup, and Thai tea. While I love the crispy duck and Thai tea, I do not like the tom yum much. This place is a must-visit for any foodie tourists.", "I had the perfect opportunity try another Thai restaurant in Vegas one that if live on the other side of town say is the best Thai food in Vegas. Since I live on the other side of town so prefer Archi and even after solid Thai food at Lotus of Siam still would take Archi. I went with big group there was 9 of us in all. So best part about that was did I get too try everything and the kitchen sink. Believe had over ten different dishes in all so just going too pick out the ones that stood out for me.\n\nThe crispy duck pagnang was very very good. The crispy duck something that could have had whole dish of by itself. It had the perfect crispy crust that crunch every time and still meat is moist. You combine it with sauce over rice. Fabulous! We had four different types of noodles from the traditional pad thai too other ones on menu gear more toward certain regional style. The pad thai was solid. Lo mein type of noodle really enjoyed because not normal one orange in color and tasty noodle. The pineapple fried rice was ok different but not something would order again. Green Papaya Salad had nice spicy kick too it. Solid choice. The winner for me was the FRIED BANANAS. Bananas wrapped in lumpia wrapping deep fried too perfect crispy brown and felt like hogging them all too myself. \n\nThe location is one less then desirable part of town. It amazing never judge book by its cover. You walk into the place really small hallway too all sudden opens too restaurant hold over or close too 100 people. They had nice wine cellar that see lot of the win on the menu, It become popular cult almost they have pictures all famous people that have dined there on the walls. If run out of conversations look around guess who who on the walls. The menu is pretty massive in choices. So sure there is something there appeals too everyone. The service went on friday night even packed surprising was really quick once we got the orders in. There was no miss up and great service from start too end. Only negative is too far for me. Not sure the next time visit but if ever out in that area need Thai fix LOS the place too go.", "I recently went here as I am living in Las Vegas for the next year. Friends suggested it for my buddies birthday. I am not big on Thai food but I have to say this place takes the cake, way better then the couple other places I went. I got the drunken noodles with soft shell crab at a level 2 because I am not into spicy foods and it still had a little cook to the juice. \n\nMy friend got a number 8 and was in tears, haha. I guess it goes from 0-10 so see what you can handle if that is what you like. The service is good, when you walk in you feel like its a small place because the lobby/waiting area is tiny but plenty of space in the dining area. I highly recommend it and will go back, when I leave my plate will be empty and my belly full and happy.", "I was going to rate Lotus of Siam 4 even 4-1/2 stars but caught one of the waiters (black button earrings) leaving the toilet without washing his hands. I confronted him but he acted as if he did not understand English. The other waiters were vacuuming while customers were still eating. Brought it up to owner's attention.\n\nThe crispy chicken was very good along with the panang curry, but cannot seriously recommend after that incident. Good Luck. \n\nTry Kung Fu on Spring Mountain/Valley View. Great selection, tasty, and cheaper.", "I've been told that this was rated \"Best Thai restaurant in the US\", and I have to say that it's true! The quality and flavoring of the food is worth it's expensive price. \n\nReading through all the reviews although highly praised no one recommended any of the items. So my suggestion is anything with the pork. AMAZING!", "I've eaten at a lot of Thai places and this one is one of the best I've every been to!  The Nam Prik Ong was awesome and the drunken noodles with Prawns was amazing!  It's in the ghetto around the corner from where the old Sahara hotel was but well worth the drive off the strip to eat here!  In fact, one of our friends who lives in Vegas told us that there wasn't any good Thai places in Vegas.  We took him here and boy was he proved wrong!", "I've heard that this is one of the most amazing Thai restaurants to ever exist, but I don't think I'm enough of a Thai connoisseur to support that claim. The food was very good, but I didn't walk out of there feeling blown away.\n\nWe shared a rice dish (nam kao tod) which I loved. Have not had anything like that before. A little tangy, little spicy. Maybe it was my own fault for ordering musman curry (too pedestrian?) but I've had better. It was good, but too sweet. My fianc\u00e9 ordered a noodle dish which was too spicy for me so I can't really rate that.\n\nI don't think I would personally go out of my way to go to LOS, but I would go if someone else wanted to.", "If you are looking for an unassuming ethnic restaurant located in a strip mall in not the best part of town that serves authentic high-quality food from a James Beard award-winning chef at reasonable prices ... well, many people would tell you that you're insane, and such a place cannot possibly exist. But such a place does exist my friends. It's called Lotus of Siam - known to many as the best Thai restaurant in America for over a decade, and home to the culinary masterpieces of multiple-time nominee and 2011 James Beard award-winning chef Saipin Chutima. \n\nI first went to Lotus on my first trip to Vegas in 2008, after hearing continuous raves from my close friend and Yelper Jay F. They were already starting to get a buzz then, with one magazine proclaiming them the best Thai restaurant in America, and it's been great to see how the buzz has grown to Beard Awards and feature episodes on Top Chef Masters. A couple of weeks back was my first trip there in about four years, and it was nice to see that the restaurant has been expanded and renovated inside to better reflect it's reputation and quality cuisine. \n\nMy friend and I arrived at close to 9PM on a Monday night. They close at 9:30, but true to Lotus form, they were PACKED and more were flocking in. We took a seat at the nice bar (new since I last visited) and was pleased to see a small but thoughtful selection of bottled beer (many people were enjoying Stone IPA) and a selection of sake. (Wine is the thing to come here for - they have an impressive selection and showcase their wine storage room prominently - but I'm just not a wine person.) Shortly after ordering and receiving my hot sake, we were called for our table. \n\nWe started with 2 apps - the Issan Style Beef Jerky (13a) and Nam Ko Tod (14), which is essentially a crispy rice salad served with minced sour pork sausage and unlike anything I have ever had. Amazing. As always, we ordered both a 10 spicy, but felt these were a little lower - maybe a 7 in \"Lotus Spice\", which is equal to the \"10\" at most other places. \n\nFor my entree, I decided to bypass the \"go to\" dishes I had tried in the past and went with a traditional Massaman curry. And that's the great thing about Lotus - they have a huge menu with some truly creative and unique offerings that will blow you away. But for the less adventurous, they offer the same traditional Thai dishes that you can get at any neighborhood Thai restaurant, and at the same price. The difference is that it is prepared by a highly decorated chef, and it will be the best version of the traditional Thai dish you have ever had. I'll put my neighborhood Thai restaurant in Manassas up against any Thai restaurant in America - except Lotus. This was, hands down, the best Massaman curry I have ever had. And this time, the 10 spicy was indeed a 10 ... several pitchers of water were needed. (And you certainly are reminded the day after that you indeed did order the \"10\")\n\nIf there is any issue with Lotus, it's that the service can be a little bit hit or miss. There was some confusion with the server, and my friend was served the wrong entree. However, after pointing this out, our server went back to the kitchen and produced the proper entree in minutes ... and it was spot on. They make mistakes, but they handle them properly and professionally. \n\nLotus isn't just the best Thai in Vegas ... it's the best Thai in America, the best restaurant in Vegas, and one of the best restaurants in America. All at prices that are no more expensive than your typical Thai restaurant. Any foodie that's been to Vegas and hasn't been to Lotus can't call themselves a foodie or say they've really been to Vegas. It's THAT good.", "Incredible. An absolute must-go if you are in Las Vegas. Every time I make a trip to Vegas, I always go to Lotus of Siam. \n\nDespite the hundreds of celebrities that swear by this Thai restaurant, this place is warm and has a casual environment. \n\nAlways go with the Hot Pot for the Tom Yum soup, there's no comparison. It's amazing. Try mild or mild medium. I love spicy but medium was way too spicy, even for me. The Duck Penang changed my world, and the Drunken Noodle with Sea Bass made me cry for more.\n\nThe only thing that Lotus of Siam could improve on, is the location - it is off the strip, and next to \"massage parlors\" and bars. It is situated quietly inside a large parking lot, so it does take awhile to find it if this is your first time. The first time I came in I thought I was lost, but nope. The second thing is the service. I have been here more than a dozen times, and I love the mango and sticky rice they serve - it's amazing, do try it if you can! However, it is reserved for \"certain\" guests. I have asked for this dessert every time I come here, but about 60% of the time they tell us they have ran out. Turns out they only serve it to certain guests. Last month when I went, I asked for this dessert - the waiter said immediately that it is \"out of season\" thus they dont have it anymore. However, our own waiter told us other wise, and brought it out for us. As we were leaving, we heard another guest asking for the same dessert and were told too that it was \"out of season. So try your luck next time you go in, the sticky rice is heavenly!", "Just wanted to find some Thai food. We ended up yelping something and ended up here. The wait was around 30 minutes since we didn't have a reservation. The bar area was a little strange since it looked onto the entire dining area. I felt that people were looking at me awkwardly. \n\nSeated, waiter was very sneaky. Creeped up behind me quietly and startled me but it gave me a good laugh. We got an appetizer and a few entrees. The food was good, tasted as expected. But that wasn't even the best part. \n\nDon't get the duck addon for anything. The bill came and my friend was shocked that his portion was around $30 dollars. The waiter mistook him for wanting the dish with duck and wrote down \"crispy duck addon\" instead. Of course the \"preparation\" of frying the duck cost an additional $10 dollars, but of course the waiter did not know how much extra it would cost, and didn't think of asking a manager or something. I just thought it was hilarious.", "Literally the best Thai food I have ever had! We talked to the server and had him send out an assortment of different things, most ones that I have never tried, and I am glad I tried them!  We had the Crispy Duck Panang, Garlic Prawns, and Sea Bass with Drunken Noodles just to name a few things.  We also dove into their Riesling list and had a great time!  Had several bottles that paired awesomely with the food, and to end night with a bang had a 30 year old bottle of Riesling to celebrate a birthday!  Amazing night!  Cannot wait to go back!", "Lotus highly recommended by Adam/Palms Place and yelp.  Strange and unassuming location but the inside very accommodating.  No reservation on a Friday but only 10 min wait.\nStarted with Nam Kao Tod.  Interesting flavors of mint and ginger and a tartness I couldnt place.  I guess lemon grass or lime?  Enjoyed the herbs more than the dish itself.\nOrdered garlic prawns, which never came.  Instead opted for Green Curry.  Delicious with fragrant jasmine rice.  Again, the taste of the lovely herbs just danced lightly across my taste buds and the heat just right.   Missed the the vegetables I usually find in the Green Curry-red/green bell peppers.\nStaff very attentive but I felt a bit rushed(extensive menu) to make a decision and waiting 40 mins for prawns...well.", "Lotus of Siam lives up to the hype! Not only is the cuisine mouth wateringly succulent, the service is second to none. We drove to the restaurant in a small SUV on the freeway on a Saturday night. We arrived at 6:00 without a reservation. The kind, little Oriental woman who greeted us said the wait would be 60 minutes. We were shoveling delicious Thai food down our throats by 6:30. During our surprisingly short wait, we met a great man named Terry who washed our windows. Our waiter Joe recommended several delicious dishes to try. The menu has tons of options and you will not believe the wine cellar. I felt like I walked out of a Burmese jungle and into the Napa Valley by simply walking from my table to the restroom. I ordered the khao soi and it was stupid fresh and tender. The real highlight of our visit was when the world renowned funny man, Jim Belushi waltzed in. Do not let the long waits sway your decision. I'm not saying this is the best food in Las Vegas; I'm saying this is the best food in the world. We had coconut ice cream and sticky rice with mangos for dessert. We departed from the restaurant and drove home with grateful hearts and full bellies.", "Lotus was one of the most highly recommended places for me to try when I first moved here.  Driving eastbound down Sahara into a semi run down shopping center lowers your expectations immediately and makes you think \"Ok this place sorta looks like a dive, but I'm sure the food is awesome\".  Once you walk through however, it is surprising how classy and well put together this restaurant is!\n\nI've been lucky and haven't had to wait more than 15 minutes for a table here, but i would suggest calling ahead to be safe.  The staff here is very professional and friendly and the feel is very authentic.\n\nI always order the Pad Thai because I am very interested in how each place puts their spin on it.  Lotus of Siam has a very good Pad Thai but not the best I have ever had, so i can't warrant giving it a 5 star rating.\n\nI will say that the menu is very expansive and the price point is great considering how well put together everything is inside and all the buzz going around town about it.\n\nI find it as a safe place to take my friends since many have heard about the legend and the menu is flexible and has something for everyone.", "Maybe I came there on an \"off-day\"... or maybe it's just not as good as it seemed by the reviews. \n\nI wish I could take back the 2 hours we spent there.  I'm very thankful we didn't have to wait outside for a table...\n\nHonestly, I've experienced better.  There are so many places to eat in Las Vegas, and I would make this one of the last places I would ever want to go back to.  The place looks like a gem, compared to everything else in that strip mall.  Perhaps their going for a \"hole in the wall\" effect. But overall, their prices and taste don't match up, in my opinion.  \n\nThe service was not so good.  The table next us complained numerous times about the waitress not getting their food right. I wasn't happy about seeing an automatic charge of 18% gratuity being automatically added to our bill.  -- There were only 3 of us.  I know we were pleasant guests since we had a very simple order and didn't demand anything of the staff. \n\nWhat did we order?\nBeef Penang - it was ok\nPad Thai - ok\nCrispy Prawns - or whatever that expensive appetizer was called - ok\n\nI am a person that likes to Instagram good food from places I like to eat.  I seriously didn't have the heart to do so for this place... I just couldn't do it it my friends. I wouldn't want them to waste time here either. \n\nI hate writing bad reviews.  But I seriously am still not happy with the time and dollars I spent there. The money  I can always replace, but the time wasted during our vacation I'll never get back.", "My friends and I wanted to find something to eat off the strip and we found this place on yelp. Decided to stop by and was told the wait was 2-3hrs for a party of 5. It was cool with us because we weren't that hungry and they let us put our number down so they will call us when it's ready and we can then decide if we still wanted to come. The wait turned out to be only about 1hr. I had imagined the place to be rather small since the waiting area was pretty tight. It was pretty cool to see all the news article written about the place.\n\nThe food there was absolutely delicious. I actually think about the food I ate there still pretty much every day. We ordered a lot of the recommended items yelpers suggested. The Drunken Noodle Garlic Prawn shrimp was amazing! The prawns were freaking goood! It was 22 dollars but so worth it! The Nam Cam Tod...i think that's what it's called was also very unique. Never had anything like it before but it was so very good. For a group of 5 we ordered Pad Thai, Yellow Curry, Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp, Drunk Noodle Garlic Prawn, Drunken Noodle with Seafood, Pineapple fried rice, Nam Kom Tod. Our bill came out to be 125 and we had a lot of leftover that we ate later that night. I'm for sure going back to this place next time and recommending to all my friends!", "My wife and I both love Thai food, so eating at Lotus on our Vegas trip was a must. The one bad part about this was that there were only two of us, meaning we couldn't order a lot (well, we could have, but then we'd have a buttload leftover). So we settled on a cup of the Tom Yum Koong, Soft Shell Crab Drunken Noodles, and the Fried Garlic Prawns.\n \nNeedless to say, we really enjoyed all three. The soup had just the right amount of tanginess and kick, and the cup was full of huge shrimp (oxymoron, I know).\n \nMy wife had never eaten soft shell crab before, so she was a little weirded out by it here, but I really liked it and we both loved the noodles; great texture and flavor there.\n \nAnd I liked the prawns more and more as I ate them, but I have to say... I'm not sure how I feel about eating the shells like chips. There's definitely a certain taste to it, but I don't think I'm a fan of it just yet. I'll have to try it again.\n \nWe got there fifteen minutes prior to opening on a Saturday evening, and we were seated immediately. The restaurant is spacious and clean, so try to get there as close to opening time as possible. Otherwise, I would recommend making reservations.\n \nHaving said all that, I'm not sure that I can back the statement of this being the best Thai restaurant in the country, but it is dang good. Take that however you'd like. And I will be back, but hopefully with more people so I can try more dishes. So many to choose from!", "My wife wanted to try Thai tonight.  So, off on Yelp we went and we found the reviews on Lotus of Siam.  Based on what we read, it sounded great and we went to check it out.\n\nFirst off, it was quite a hike from where we live to the restaurant (45 minutes).  It is not located in a very pristine area.  In fact, questionable would be a nice word.  The only good part of the location is that it is in an outside shopping mall.  As a result, there were plenty of parking.  When we arrived, there were not a lot of cars there.\n\nWe made reservations for Friday @ 5:30pm (opening time).  By the way, MAKE reservations.  Otherwise, good luck on getting a table.  When we got there, there already was a line about 15-20 people deep.  That is a great sign.  Somehow, people waiting outside kinda reminds me of the Disney flick/cartoon -- Ratatouie (you know at the end of the movie where the crowd is waiting to get in).  By the way, if you do not have reservations, depending on how busy they are, you may be turned down.  They turned a few people away due to \"no availability\".\n\nBecause of the early dinner and the reservation, we had no problems getting a table and were seated within a few minutes.  Walking into the restaurant, you notice immediately how clean and big the restaurant is.  The staff were very courteous and friendly.  I was definitely impressed.  \n\nNow, on to the food, the 3 of us ordered a variety of items and shared amongst us.  By the way, there was a table of 8 family members next to us, they all ordered their own dish and did not share.  I can not imagine us doing this.  I would be tempted to taste and try every possible dish that I can.  Anyways, this is what we ordered: \n\nAppetizers:\na.  Tom Yum Coconut Soup w/ Chicken.  Compared to a lot of Thai restaurants that I have been, this was on the scale of AVERAGE.  It was okay and nothing to brag about.  Would I order this again... probably not -- I would preferred to try something else.  It was good average... I give this a mid to low 3 stars.\n\nb.  #14 - Nam Kao -- okay, we ordered this because of the reviews.  It is basically sliced ginger, mixed with some fried type of crouton/rice/bread (hard to pinpoint), green onions, red onions, papayas, and some other stuff.  I guess this is sort of a hit or miss.  You either like it or not.  Honestly, I was not a fan.  In fact, I thought this was the worst dish of the night.  I give this a mid 2 stars.\n\nc.  Beef salad -- this was the star of our dinner.  By far and away the best dish of the night.  If I knew, I would have ordered 2-3 of these puppies.  The beef was cooked to perfection ~ medium rare.  And, it was seasoned to perfection.  The only issue that I had was that it was very spicy (for a #2 spice level).  I must have drained 3 large glasses of water.  But, this was well worth it.  My first 5 stars.\n\nEntrees:\na.  Drunken Sea Bass w/ Noodles -- okay, this dish was about 29.95.  It was a bit pricey; however, based on the review, we had to try it.  And, quite frankly, this was a very good dish.  The Sea Bass was soft, tender, and flaky.  And, the right mixture of sweetness and season was mixed in with the noodles. But, I did not think this should have been a $29.95 dish.  It is a bit steep.  For this, I grade it as a low 4-4.25 stars.\n\nb.  Fried Prawns -- this was by far the most original dish.  They basically take these jumbo sized shrimp (think size 10-15) and peel the skin back.  Best way to explain this is to think of a horizontal line.  On one end of the shrimp is the shrimp meat and on the other is the peeled shell side.  They marinate the whole shebang in some salty sauce and deep fry it.  What you get is a fried shrimp with the shell attached.  You eat both the meat and the shell.  It was quite tasty.  However, I have to say that I wished they had a dip for this - something tangy would be a nice fit .. i.e. sweet and sour would do.  For originality and taste, I give them a high 4 stars or low 5 stars.\n\nDesserts:\na.  Fried Banana -  If I had to do it again, I would not order this.  It was okay.... also, we were a bit too full to eat this -- doggy bag time.  2-3 stars.\\\n\nb.  Sweet Rice with Mangos -- this was not too original.  I was not into the rice; however, I have to admit that the mangos were very sweet.  I give this a mid 3-star rating for the mangos.\n\nOverall, this was a pretty cool experience.  The service was excellent.  We had some dishes that were okay, but we also had some amazing and original dishes as well.  Dinner total for 3 (no drinks - except water) totaled to 106 dollars.  With tip, it added up to $125 in all.  3 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts -- hmm, not a bad price at all!  I would give this a solid 4 with room to move up to 5 star status...\n\nBTW, as we walked out around 7pm, the whole restaurant was packed and the parking lot was filled with Lotus of Siam patrons.\n\nWe definitely would be back.  And, we look forward to trying other dishes.\n\nCheers!!!", "Not for the faint of heart. YES, everything you read about this location is true and when you go at night for dinner, it's especially scary but oh so worth the risk! \n\nOnce you step inside, it's as if you walked through the looking glass. The restaurant is huge, with a very large wine room that you can see through the glass walls. We didn't make reservations and our expected wait was 45 minutes for three but were seated in a short 15 minutes, just enough time to order drinks at the bar. Note that they only serve beer, wine (huge selection) and sake.\n\nService was efficient and our waiter was very helpful with suggestions. I was determined not to order regular dishes but was with some diners that aren't that adventurous, so no raw meat, liver or too spicy!\n\nWe ordered Tod Mun Plar, Garlic/Pepper Chicken Wings and Pad Thai. All were very good, fresh and more than enough to share for 4 but only three of us. Also, luckily we ordered  these typical dishes because it was all the non spicy eater in our group could eat, although the fish cakes had a little kick.\n\nWe ordered the Squid garlic, sauce was amazing, even just with rice! The waiter suggested the Braised Short Rib with Panang and Thai Basil Catfish. Here is where we tread the spicy fantastic. We specifically ordered mild and their mild is a regular joe's spicy! It was great and depth of flavors, even with the heat, were so good. Thankfully, the water server did her rounds regularly and filled our glasses each time!\n\nThe fifth star really is for the price. Six dishes and drinks for three (enough food for four) was under $100, unheard of for such great food, environment and service.", "Not that Lotus of Siam needs another glowing review, but I think I've found my new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! \n\nThere can be a bit of a wait but they have a bar area that you can hang out in before they call you for your table. I noticed most tables were enjoying wine with their meal which is something I've never seen at other Thai restaurants. Their menu and wine selection is HUGE and they have plenty of specialty dishes from various regions.\n\nIn attempt to tackle the menu, my best friend and I asked our waiter for some recommendations and he was more than happy to point out his favorites. We ordered the khao soi, tom yum soup, and pad thai. Luckily we mentioned that we were planning on ordering the mango sticky rice for dessert so he ran back to the kitchen to make sure that one plate (of the ten available that night) was saved for us which I thought was extremely sweet. \n\nWARNING: many of the dishes are spicier than they appear, don't try to impress your company with your strong palate because you WILL shed tears of spiciness. The waiters however noticed that we were struggling and came to the rescue with mini glasses of thai iced tea! The service here really is impeccable. That combined with the deliciousness of EVERY SINGLE dish we tried really impressed me. And the coconut sticky rice saved for us was the perfect ending to the meal. \n\nPlump shrimp. Epic combinations of sweet, hot, and sour. Chewy noodles. Ripe juicy mangos. Go get em tiger.", "OK, I love LOS and have eaten there well over a hundred times in the 12 years they have been open in Las Vegas. The quality of the food hardly ever varied and it was a SOLID FIVE STAR RESTAURANT. \n\nHowever, my last two visits held a few disappointments; I consider Nam Kao Tod to be one of the world's truly great dishes and almost always order it at LOS. The last two times I ordered Nam Kao Tod it was not the amazing, compelling, best thing I ever ate dish that it always was before, it was just OK. Another favorite, the Garlic Prawns were not prepped as carefully as usual and the portion size was HALF of what we were served before and other dishes also seemed to be smaller portions. I hope the problems were kitchen anomalies that won't become permanent. \n\nThe smaller portions are more troubling, no one deserved a James Beard award more than Saipin but I hope it isn't the reason for the smaller portions. Overall, still an excellent meal, just not the 5 STAR, 28 point Zagat, worth a drive from anywhere quality that I am used to at LOS. I really really want to give this place 5 STARS again!", "OMG Good is what I need to say about their food. I still think this place is the best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. Crispy Duck with Panang Sauce is Da Bomb!", "OMG the food here was amazing!  The outside of the restaurant is deceiving.  Once you squeeze past the tiny entrance, the restaurant opens up and is actually quite large.  I will definitely  return the next time I am in Vegas.", "Oh my goodie!! This was by far the closest to perfect closest to fairy tell closest to true to size fit when ordering shoes offline close..... I forgot my point! This was amazing! I ordered the mussaman curry with beef and tofu (fried), the shrimp and chicken pad thai, also the chili mint chicken.. All spicy numba 7! Oh, and mango with sticky rice!\n\n As a person that loves thai but doesn't like things too fishy, this was all deeeeeeelish! Even my picky no veggie eating husband enjoyed the meal! The pad thai was a perfect balance of sour and sweet only down fall was there wasn't much protein. Not sure if when I order chicken and shrimp I get half n half, next time ill say chicken but add extra shrimp! Anywho the mussaman curry was as described.. sweet! I have an insane sweet tooth and love all things sweet, but this one was my match next time ill have to try the green curry. The beef was stupid tender and the tofu was right! I also had the chili mint chicken which was excellent!\n\n I was so pleased with the food forgot my inspiration for wanting thai in the first place... The mango n sticky rice! It was so good it made me sick! I enjoyed the chewy rice and the coconut milk was a treat!\n\nDocked one star for not including my extra side sauces per our phone discussion and not putting my extra rice I paid for in the bag! Plus, the mango wasn't as sweet as I'd hoped and dreamed for!! \n\nAll forgivable mistakes! I heart LOTUS!", "Ok so I'm watching Top Chef Masters in Las Vegas, and all the masters are treated to a dinner at Lotus of Siam for a \"lesson\" in authentic Thai cooking.  It's very clear that all these chefs are blown away by every dish at the table, so before the show was even over I was bookmarking Lotus of Siam on yelp for a future trip.  It helped even more, when I booked a Vegas trip with a friend and the first thing out of his mouth was, \"We must eat at Lotus of Siam.\"\n\nMy advice is to explore the menu in advance, there are so many wonderful sounding dishes, that you can be overwhelmed if you wait until you sit down.  So get a game plan in order because there are 167 dishes on the menu.  We heard the Northern Thai dishes are very special here and you don't get them in most Thai restaurants in the US.  First up was the Sai Oua - Northern Sausage.  This was a pork sausage with some kick to it.  I liked pairing it with some of the crunchy veggies on the plate for some contrast and it also mellowed out the spice a bit.  We were going to compare this with an order of the Issan Sausage, but our waiter told us not to bother, since it would be no contest. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#rJOafb9EviIxvHmuRImkTA\n\nNam Prik Ong was featured once on \"The best thing I ever ate\".  So you know I had to try it.  It's a very tasty Northern ground pork based red chili tomato sauce dip and not very spicy, but packed full of flavor.  It's served with all kinds of crunchy veggies to spread on as well as a few pork rinds.  I will most likely order this every time I go back.  Works well as an appetizer and unique to this restaurant. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#w0R40SdZ1M2T6vi_nL7ioQ\n\nA yelper friend of mine, Anita L., bragged about the Nua Nam Tok.  Our waiter warned us that this was a cold dish as some people are surprised.  Well it wasn't actually served cold, but slightly warm at room temperature.  The beef is coated in rice powder which gives it an unusual texture.  The flavor of the sauce was very strong and similar to a Nam Sod, heavy on the lime flavor.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#QwdrDHXlRPQY1CXH6XvNQA\n\nWe felt obligated to get a few standard Thai dishes as a place of reference.  Tom Kah  Kai is a soup that most people are very familiar with.  Lotus of Siam's version was very spicy and if you slurp it up the wrong way, it will get your eyes watering.  I love spicy, so no problems with me.  What I liked about this version was that the lemongrass flavor wasn't lost in the coconut milk at all. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#YZAR3oSugi4fd6bammVMzg\n\nMy buddy loves Pad Thai (as most people do).  I'm not that fond of the dish, but I will say I'm glad that I got to try it here.  Perhaps I've had so many bad versions of it, that I'm jaded.  This was by far the best Pad Thai that I've ever had.  I would order it again in a second.  We had it with Chicken. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#9UnnMrrfaKk53Uuv-pPyuQ\n\nLast up was a Green Curry with Beef.  I love green curry and I love it spicy.  I was asked on a scale of 1 to 10.  I went with a 8.  Lke most things in Vegas; it was fun at the time, but I paid dearly for it the next morning.  It was very spicy and whatever they spiced it up with was green, because other places I've seen all kinds of ground up red chili in there, not in this curry.  Glad I had plenty of rice to soak up this delicious sauce http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#tQBHtC3JR05nKHCMFp-PaA  \n\nYes Lotus of Siam, should be on your must do list of Vegas.  I would make reservations, as it gets crowded.  We were seated promptly at our 8:30 reservation time on a Friday night.  Others who didn't think ahead had to wait.  The restaurant is much larger than it looks from the outside and has most likely expanded a few times, taking over their former next door neighbors.  Taking a large group here would be great as you can sample many dishes, as a true food tourist should.", "Ok this place is off the chain! So so good!!!! It is definitely one of the best Thai restaurants i have ever been to. I totally underestimated the hotness as in chilli hot on the Tom yum koong. They asked me how hot do you want your soup from 1 to 10? And my dumb ass lol said 10!!! Oh boy wrong, huge mistake..that shit was crazy hot! I had three glasses of water, Thai tea, and sticky rice with mango hoping the burning fire in my mouth would go away. Overall, besides all that madness it was the bomb. This place is a must to visit if you're in Las Vegas.", "Ok, Ok, i get it. Northern Style Thai.  This reminded me of Ruen Pair in LA, but man, Lotus of Siam lives up to the hype. Yes, we waited a full hour for a table but since everyone else was doing it, we did it too!\n\nTry the specials because you can't get that anywhere else.  The drunken noodles with the Softshell crabs was hands down my favorite dish there.\n\nAMAZE!!!!", "Ok...so I'm no longer on fire!  Holy crap was the food spicy.  Even some of the mild dishes were pretty hot!\n\nI went to this restaurant with a rather large group of people, so we ordered many dishes.  We started with a fried won ton of some sort with pork and sweet and sour sauce.  It was probably my favorite dish of the night.  I probably could have eaten that dish the whole night.  After that came a coconut curry chicken soup, crispy noodles with shrimp and sweet and sour, pad Thai, crispy duck, steak tar tare and I'm sure I'm forgetting something.  All good, although I would not order the steak tar tare again.  \n\nEverything was very spicy.  I don't think that I have ever wanted to drink a glass of milk or had ice cream so bad in my life!  Unfortunately, the servers brought us the bill without offering us dessert.  Maybe next time.", "On our recent visit to Vegas, we trekked out to the famous Lotus of Siam.  Taxi drivers know about this place, there are photos of celebrities all over their walls, and reservations are highly recommended.  When we arrived at 6pm on a Wednesday, the restaurant was empty... but it got packed after 7pm.  Here is what we ordered (on a scale of 1-10 on spice, we got 2, and it was plenty spicy):\n\n1) Nam Prik Ong - featured on \"Best Thing I Ever Ate\".  Very interesting... it's like a chili dip accompanied by a bunch of things you can dip with.  I can't say I loved it, but it was definitely unique.  Wouldn't get it again but definitely worth trying out.\n2) Pad Thai - very good but the noodles are skinnier than your traditional pad thai.\n3) Drunken Noodles - SO Yummy!  \n4) Papaya Salad - very good!\n5) Fried Garlic Prawns - my favorite dish.  I loved how they took the shrimp OUT of its shell before they battered & fried it.  It was seasoned & cooked perfectly.\n6) Chicken Satay - just like any other Thai restaurant\n7) Yellow Curry with Chicken - the chicken was good cuts of breast meat & potato was cooked perfectly.  \n\nSome people say that this is the best Thai restaurant in America.  I don't know if I'd go that far... but then again, I can't name a Thai restaurant that I think is better.  What I love about Lotus of Siam is that they offer all your traditional Thai dishes that you are used to ordering and then they have some really unique dishes that you can't find in other Thai restaurants.  Is it worth the hype?  YES.", "Place is INCREDIBLE, there's not a better restaurant in the country in terms of taste and value.  If you love Thai, this is your #1.  \n\nThe dumpy strip mall location is pretty incongruent with how great this place is, plus you usually wade through 2-3 guys in the parking lot wanting to \"wash\" your car.  In a strange way, once you start making regular trips this becomes part of it's charm.\n\nGet a reservation, bring a group, and go to town on this amazing menu.  Don't leave without trying some of these:\n\nChicken fried rice\nNam kao tod (strange, delicious sausage)\nAny of the soups\nAny of the curries \nDrunken noodle - sea bass or chicken\nPapaya salad (go MILD or they'll be laughing at you in the kitchen from your pain)\nBraised short rib with noodle\n\nGreat selection of wine and thai beer.  \n\nI usually go at least twice when in Vegas.  If you're lucky you'll be waited on by the guy who refuses to write down your order no matter how larger or how complicated it is.  Think he's a blackjack pro, too.", "So this place has excellent food. over a thousand ratings and a 4 star average pretty much guarantees that. What's good? I really liked my drunken noodle prawns ($22.95), and they are more towards the top range in price for this restaurant. Other options well received by this party of five were the pad thai and curries. Prices are generally between $9 and $15, super cheap for Vegas, especially for food of this quality. \n\nDecor is not what you're here for- it's standard, aside from the star studded wall with tons of pictures of the head chef (owner?) with the who's who of Food Network. Bathrooms are a tad sketchy, but clean. This place takes reservations and is extremely popular, so make them if you can. The only hiccup for our party was that one of our group did not receive their meal until we reminded the server. Everyone else had rec'd their entrees and it was clear they had somehow missed that part of the order. Unfortunately, there was no discount given or even an apology for that mishap, which lengthened our time at the restaurant significantly.  Thus, they go from a five star to a four for this experience.", "Some of the best Thai food I have ever had! I am a Vegetarian and have tried all the curries with Tofu, with Panang being my favorite. It was really good and spicy.The only drawback is that there is a long wait and we need to make reservations to get a table in the evening. Many times they are booked already and the minimum wait time is close to 45 mins - 1 hour! Would recommend it definitely though :)", "Sometimes you encounter a restaurant that knocks your socks off from out of the blue.  Lotus of Siam was not one of these establishments.  After hearing rave reviews from Gourmet Magazine, J. Gold and that putu from Kevineats.com, I felt compelled to dine at what many have claimed to be \"The best Thai restaurant in North America\".  Dear readers, I think they may be onto something.\n\nDitching our group of friends, my Thai paramour and I courageously walked-in to the restaurant without a reservation and were quoted 1:30 wait for a party of two.  Luckily, mi corazon is as fluid in her native tongue as she is easy on the eyes and successfully flirted (right in front of the ignorant farang guests) our way into a table after only 15 minutes.  Yet another example of the eventual geopolitical power shift from the West to the Orient, suckaz!\n\nThis would prove to be an auspicious beginning to what would culminate in the best meal of our Vegas trip and quite possibly the year.  Unfortunately for us, we were only a party of two and we also had a pressing engagement at XS after dinner.  Because of this, we weren't able to order the full breadth of the menu (like garlic lobster and crab dishes) but we made do with:\n\nNam Kao Tod (Crispy Rice Salad with Issan Sausage)\nKhao Soi (Egg Noodles in Coconut broth with chicken)\nCrispy Duck with Penang Curry\nGarlic Prawns\n6 glasses (1 bottle plus 2 additional servings) of Prum 2009 Kabinett Riesling\n\nAs mi corazon expressed to me after the first few bites, this is as good as it gets outside of the homeland.  Granted, she remarked that the cuisine was a bit \"fusion\" and not within strict adherence to traditional Thai cusine, but she was nonetheless glowing with her praise.  As for your humble author, dear readers...  I was in Siamese heaven, fusion or no.\n\nAll of the dishes we ordered were excellent, with the Khao Soi and the Nam Kao Tod being my personal favorite.  In addition, the crispiness of the garlic prawns was perfectly married to the garlic infusion and the duck meat was SO juicy and provided a perfect (albeit extremely rich) counterpoint to the Penang curry.  All of the food went amazingly with the J Prum Riesling, a steal at $35 a bottle...\n\nMaybe I had a few too many glasses of the aforementioned wine, because I distinctly remember in between bites whispering to my girlfriend that I wanted to have sex with her on top of all the sumptuous vittles.  Of course, being the modest Thai lady that she is, she shushed me and expertly directed my passions towards the food despite entreaties from your humble author for acceptance of, \"just the tip, sweetie...  come on, just the tip\".  \"OK, OK, later!\" she hissed at me.  What a saint, mi corazon...\n\nLocated in a semi-grimy strip mall, the location is nothing special, but the food was several notches above any Siamese cuisine I've had in the states.  Surprisingly, the service was very good as well.  Granted, I'm always expecting treatment at Asian restaurants to be one notch above the brutality that American POW's experienced by the Japanese during the Bataan Death March...  but illustrative of Thailand's \"Land of Smiles\" moniker, the servers were gracious, friendly and efficient.\n\nTotal bill came out to $123 for all that food and wine.  Officiously, I took out $25 in cash and gently put it in the payment tray.  \n\n\"What, you're not going to pay for the rest of the meal?\" asked my now beleagured (but very satiated) girlfriend.  \n\n\"Just the tip, sweetie\" I replied slurringly...  \"Just the tip.\"", "Take me to Thailand already!\n\nWas soooo excited to come here after hearing about this place for years! Thai restaurants are pretty standard in the Bay Area, so I was really hoping for something different. \n\nReservations are a must for dinner (or anytime, probably)!! Or come right when they open at 5:30PM and get your name on the list. I came here on a Sunday night at 6PM and it was already a 30 to 45 minute wait for a table for two.\n\nDefinitely try to order items you don't normally see at other Thai restaurants. That's the key. If you go for the same old stuff that everywhere else has, then that's what you're gona get... the same 'ol boring stuff. Try something different!\n\nGet the Nam Kao Tod! It's crispy puffy rice sauteed with sour sausage. It sounds a little weird, but it's delicious! I love the crispy texture and there's tons of tangy flavor from the sausage and citrus they put in it. Watch out for the heat though! It might not seem that spicy at first, but the spice creeps up on you and lingers!\n\nThe drunken noodles with soft shell crab was SO GOOD. The sauce for the noodles is on the sweeter side. It's a nice compliment to the salty, crunchy soft shell crab. Don't forget to eat some of the deep fried basil leaves with it!\n\nBut the most amaaazing thing was their mango and sticky rice! HANDS DOWN the BEST mango and sticky rice I've ever had! The mango was perfectly ripe and so sweet. The sticky rice was unique with the hint of floral in the background. And I couldn't get enough of their coconut milk!\n\nThis is also a great place for you wine lovers! Their wine ROOM is astonishing. They have a whole binder as their wine list. They even have one FULL page dedicated to German Rieslings alone!\n\nThe menu here is huge. There's no way you can hit everything in one visit. I need to come here every time I'm in Vegas until I try it all!", "Thai food as good as it gets!!!", "The Crispy Duck Curry with drunkin noodles...  OMG!!  one of the best foods I have ever eatten.  IN MY LIFE!!", "The best Thai food in Vegas... baby!  Try to time your visit to be at a non-peak time so don't have to wait so long for a table, as it gets busy here.  \n\nThe chicken pad thai was extraordinary!  Overall, prices are very reasonable (especially for a busy restaurant in Las Vegas). \n\nI have been here right as they were closing and they held the kitchen open until I got my order in.  Now that's service!  Will be sure to return.  \n\nLotus of Siam, if I ever become a famous songwriter, then I will write a song just for you!", "The first time I've ever heard of Lotus of Siam was when it was featured on \"Waking Up with the Wagners\" almost a year ago.  I don't drive in certain parts of Sahara so, finding this place was a bit tricky.  \n\nOur reservation last night was at 6pm and I heard the hostess say to one of the servers that they can't take any more reservations so, I was glad we called the night before.  When we got there, there were plenty of empty tables but sure enough, the place got busy in a matter of minutes.  The servers were scrambling and were trying to rush us.  I mean, they have a pretty huge menu (since they have dishes from different regions in Thailand) and making a quick decision wasn't that easy.\n\nWe got appetizers: nua dad deaw (beef jerky) and mee krob.  For entrees: beef panang, drunken noodle with soft-shell crab and kana moo grob (crispy pork with Chinese broccoli).  For dessert: fried banana and coconut ice cream with sticky rice.\n\nNua dad deaw: \nI'm not a fan of jerky but this was great.  You get about 8 pieces of beef that comes with a dipping sauce.  The jerky was flavorful so, no need for the sauce.\n\nMee krob:\nCrispy noodles with chicken, shrimp, and sweet and sour sauce.  It was sweet and I enjoyed the crispy noodles.\n\nBeef panang:\nTender pieces of beef with really good sauce.  The best I've had in Vegas.\n\nDrunken noodle with soft-shell crab:\nWe ordered it spicy# 5 but we got about a #8.  I liked the flavor on the noodles despite the intense heat.\n\nKana moo grob:\nI always get this at any Thai restaurant I go to.  The sauce was great, the pork was tasy and crispy and the broccoli fresh and crisp.  Again, the best I've had in Vegas.\n\nFried banana:\nYou get skinny fried rolls of fried banana with powdered sugar on top.  Nothing exciting.  I've had better.\n\nCoconut ice cream with sticky rice:\nIt was ok but it would've been much better if mangoes were in season so we could've gotten mangoes with sticky rice instead.\n\nI don't know why I waited this long to give Lotus of Siam a try but I'm glad I finally did.  Next time, I'll try their lunch buffet.", "The food is amazing and truly authentic. It's so inconspicuous but once you find the location, you'll know it's the right place because it's bustling and packed in there. It can be a 2 hour wait if you don't have reservations. \n\nOur waiter was great and recommended a few of his favourites to us. All great choices.\nWe had this appetizer ( don't remember the name) that was made with crispy rice, flavoured with sweet, sour, and spicy sauce. It was divine. \n\nMy favourite was the seafood drunken noodles. They are a must!\n\nWe told my mother in law about this place when she travelled to Vegas, and she went 3 days in a row.", "The parking lot is shady it looks small from outside but the inside is large...and busy. The coconut soup is really good...if you ask for spicy you'll get spicy. The papaya salad is wonderful. But did I say spicy....!!! Wow!!! I ordered the green curry with tofu I have to say      It is amazing...hands down the best Thai food I have ever had!", "The phrase, \"location, location, location\", goes out the door when a restaurant becomes a \"Destination.\" Lotus of Siam is definitely a \"destination restaurant.\" Located in one of Vegas's more depressed and delapidated business centers, Lotus of Siam's offerings of very traditional Thai cuisine, and service, have become the reason for local celeb's, and tour groups, to travel to this unassuming location. While I just can't proclaim this or any spot as the \"Best Thai Food\" in the US...  given that this is \"Vegas Baby\"..... Lotus of Siam is a real find. And in fact, if this operation were in a major hotel, it would probably be the star attraction... especially given my lowered opinion, over the years, of Vegas Strip restaurants.\n\nWhen my business associate and I arrived at Lotus this past Wednesday evening, around 6pm, I noticed the taxis dropping off clients. He noticed the \"tour bus\" stopping right in front of the restaurant, behind the taxis. His first words? \"Let's book it and get in before they unload!\" We quickly realized after entering that there are two dining rooms. It appeared busloads, and groups, are seated in the second dining room, where they're set up for larger groups. We had nothing to worry about.\n\nMy thanks to Anita L., Irvine, for contributing her review to the line-up. After our first exhibit day, Wednesday, at a trade show in the Rio, I was thinking of how to follow up our Tuesday setup day. Tuesday found us \"dinnering\" at Memphis Championship BBQ in Henderson. It's one of my \"regular stops\" when in town. But for something different, I typed in \"Thai\", and at the top of the list was Lotus. Anita's one of my yelp-buds, and I respect her opinion. And with Thai cuisine, and for me, anyone who's visited or lived \"in-country\" certainly would have a \"Thai Standard.\"\n\nFollowing Anita's review comments about \"traditional cuisine...\", I decided to see if I could replicate my taste experiences when I lived in a Lao-Thai village in Ubon, circa late 60's. For our table of two, I ordered the papaya salad, chicken satay, soft spring rolls, sticky rice, lard na (noodles) with beef, and yellow-coconut curry with chicken. Add to that a total of four Thai iced teas. (I make them at home!) It was a very good meal. The food actually did remind me of the food I ate in Thailand. I have to say that even the wait-staff's level and type of service was typical to any nice restaurant I've ever visited in Thailand.\n\nIf you're thinking \"Thai\" in town, and to join in the cheer..... I'm voting Lotus of Siam  a \"Best Bet in Vegas.\" And evidently, Louis Anderson, an entertainer who by \"form\" exhibits that he knows good food, thinks so too! Our table was directly under his signed photo with the owner. I'm sure this was one time that he... \"...wasn't kidding!\"   :-))", "The wait at this \"hole in the wall\" (if you can call it that) is crazy.  I don't know why I thought that you can't make reservations, but the other ppl around me in line thought the same thing...well, at least misery had company.  A lot of it.  We were there 15min after it opened, but had over an hour wait for a table of two.  It was a real test of will power that we stayed since we had not eaten a meal today and had hiked through the Valley of Fire.  So by the time we sat down, we were ready to order.  Luckily, things came out within 10min of ordering.  Actually, we were sat in view of the kitchen and got to see Saipan herself run the kitchen.  She really does everything...she ran my container of sticky rice out.  I thought it refreshing that she didn't feel herself too important for such a menial task.  I ordered mostly Northern Thai cuisine:  nam prik noom (spicy green chili veggie dip to be eaten with fresh veggies, pork rind, and my favorite, sticky rice), koi soi (thai beef tartare), a catfish dish, and (don't think this is issan) drunken noodle with soft crab.  Everything was good.  Thai food is known for is cacophony of seemingly unmatched flavors that come together harmoniously in the final dish.  It's an experience for your mouth.  We've been to the Northern area of Thailand, and it's very authenti...not that we need to tell you guys that.  Though my husband thought everything was just ok until we got to the final dish:  Pad Thai.  I know, right?  We're at a Northern Thai restaurant, and we order Pad Thai.  I read that it was good, and I wanted to compare this dish to others I've had.  Though I disagree with husband on this one, he said that he'd come back just for this dish.  I'm not against that at all since there was a jackfruit dish I'm still quite curious about.  (There were a lot of foods we didn't get to try on our trip.)  Though next time, we'll either call to make reservations, or just get takeout.", "There are two places in Las Vegas that I won't hesitate to venture far off the strip to eat at.  And this is one of them.  Nothing pretentious about this place.  They don't go overboard to try to dazzle your eyes to steer your attention away from what could be a miserable meal.  Although, I like the plainly stated design and layout of this place.  No out of work Vegas strip performers serving your meal here.  Seems like it is a family owned business.  And a big one too since there are a ton of waiters and waitresses to serve you.  No signature dish that everyone orders not because it is so good and everything else is only so-so.  Every dish at this place is good.  No need to ask the waiter for recommendation either.  Just look across the way at what is sure to be a packed house and ask what that person is eating.  It is guaranteed to taste better than it looks.  And best of all, no outrageous bill at the end of it all.\n\nI have seen people visit Vegas from Thailand and they come here to eat.  Just think of the absurdity of that.  Every excursion to Vegas needs that memorable meal to set things off because everything else will be a nebulous memory, if done right.  And there is no better place for just that.", "They have spicy but flavorful food. The northern style larb and seafood hot and sour soup are my favorites. I would suggest you make reservations because it is a 45 minute wait easily, and that's on a Tuesday night.", "This gem never disappoints.  Make a reservation, as it books early--and with good reason.  I've been here multiple times, and each time it produced the best food of my stay in Las Vegas.  Very good wine list, too, along with terrific service.", "This is a great place.  The menu is huge so we asked the waiter (so helpful!) to recommend some of the restaurant's specialties.  What we were served was an array of food that you don't see at most Thai restaurants in the US.  Where's the Pad Thai?  Where's the chicken satay?  Yes, these are on the menu but they're not \"special.\"  In fact, some of the dishes we were served are ones that I would never order on my own but I am so glad that the waiter picked them.  Sometimes you have to just go with it!\n\nHighlights:\nBeef short rib in Penang red curry (best Thai red curry ever)\nBeef jerky (who would have thought?)\nNam Kao Tod (crispy fried rice - unique!)\nCoconut ice cream (incredibly creamy and non-dairy too!)\nFried bananas (simple and outrageously good)\n\nAlso, the selection of German (!) wines is huge and we had two different Rieslings from J.J. Prum of the Mosel-Saar-Ruwer region.  Yummy.\n\nBTW, the Pad Thai is pretty good too.", "This is one of the best thai restaurants in town if you love thai this is the spot to head to. Nothing like having some great German wines with spicy food!", "This place definitely did NOT disappoint! What we ordered the first time:\n\n1.) Garlic Prawns- To die for! This is a must order- EVERY SINGLE TIME!\n2.) Red Chili Paste with Veggies- YUM! I would go with #6 spicyness...just the right amount. \n3.) Crispy Duck Penang Curry- It was heavenly! Another must order dish!\n4.) Seabass Drunken Noodles- It was good but I can go with out. I would rather try something else.\n\nEvery time we are in Vegas....we always come back to Lotus of Siam and it's always amazing. \n\nAdvice: ALWAYS Make reservations!!", "This place is the reason I started to like Thai Food.  This place is what showed me there's more than just Pad Thai and augmented Chinese food dishes.  Growing up in NY, I'm used to some of the best places being a hole-in-the-wall so this place makes me feel right at home.  This restaurant is surprisingly inexpensive when you consider the type of dining experience you get at other restaurants on the strip.  My favorites are the crispy rice, duck in red curry and my all time favorite is the Nua Yang Prik Thai Onn, which is sliced steak that is as tender as you can imagine, sauteed with red chili paste and peppercorns.  I go to a level seven on spicy, but I'm a little crazy.  They also have an AMAZING wine list.  My favorite pairing is the mango w/sweet sticky rice and a dessert Gewurztraminer.   YOU SHOULD ALWAYS MAKE A RESERVATION! DO NOT JUST SHOW UP FOR DINNER! YOU WILL NOT GET A TABLE!", "Turns out that \"spicy\" is a relative term. Be careful when ordering...\n\nGreat otherwise.", "Very good thai food but the portions were rather small.  That aside, probably one of the best pad thai I've ever had.", "We almost didn't try this place but I am so happy we did! Possibly because I had this thought in my head that Thai food can't be much different from the many places that we already tried back home in Hawaii...or maybe it was because my friend who introduced us to some of our favorite Thai food places back home didn't care for this place much.  I am so glad that we ended up here regardless of the reasons pointing elsewhere because I really really enjoyed it. Since they are \n\nLOCATED near the airport (South side of the strip). It was convenient and the timing was right. \n\nFOOD - GREAT - We always order the same food items when trying a new Thai restaurant for the first time. It's basically so I can compare the taste. It's also our favorite dishes. \n\nEgg Roll/Spring Roll - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#30s9CUJHF-BaOe0FWkX9nQ I asked for Spring Roll and he said they call it egg roll here. This confused me as I always thought that Vietnamese and Thai call theirs spring rolls but he said they don't use the rice paper wrap. Didn't matter, I enjoyed it. Rice paper wrap, egg dough..whatever... it came out hot, it was crispy and had great filling. \n\nPad Thai Noodle W/Chicken - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#skkyJU6psgsiM0M_AqMO9g I was very impressed with this dish. The noodles did not stick together, it was not too oily, and it had a very rich and strong peanut flavor. It also had the right amount of acidity to balance out the richness. This was one of the better pad Thai dishes that I have eaten. \n\nPanang Curry W/Beef - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#LhgLajbztEVV4jVr_ggEvQ We normally order panang curry or yellow curry but lately we been choosing panang more than yellow. Probably because panang is richer and creamier in flavor, and that is exactly what we got with this dish. They don't give a lot but you don't need a lot since this dish is packed with flavor.  \n\nSpice levels are based on a scale of 1-10 and we got level 7. This is about as high as I would like it to go here. Any higher and it would have probably killed the taste for me. \n\nThe ENVIRONMENT here was very pleasant. Although it was very crowded, we didn't feel claustrophobic because they have lots of tables and are properly spaced out. The size of this place is a pretty decent size. We were even able to bring in our stroller. \n\nThe SERVICE is good. As soon as we entered our hostess took us to a table to accommodate our stroller. A huge plus in my book. Our server also had proper knowledge and took care of us in a timely manner. I just wish he would have been a little happier but I can't dock them just on that. \n\nThe OVERALL price for the quality of food here is totally worth it. I enjoyed the entire experience and I have to give this place 5 stars.", "We arrived with a party of three at lotus without a reservation and told them we had a show in an hour and a half so they were nice enough to rush us through despite wait being 45 minutes at the time. They even said our orders would be placed first and indeed it was; we got our food within 10 minutes of ordering and the bill was brought during the end of our meal which was excellent since we had a show to see.\n\nThe food was excellent, i had duck curry at spice level for 1/10 which is mild to medium spice for an average person. last time I was here i got 5 which is basically insanely hot so I recommend going low if you haven't been here before. This is considered the best Thai restaurant in ALL OF NORTH AMERICA by numerous magazines and it definitely lives up to the hype.\n\n*The show we went to see was Penn & Teller at the Rio and that was a great show. 5 Stars.", "We've been eating at LOS for years and have been there so many times that luckily we've managed to order most of the menu. However we have 2 different ways we order when visiting LOS. The first way is just me and my hubs on a casual weeknight, we tend to order the few dishes that we haven't tried yet . The other is a weekend night with several guests along for a Thai feast. So this review will focus on the later, a sort of best of LOS if you will.\n\nOn a side note you do not come here to order Pad Thai and the other super popular Thai dishes. LOS is famous for Northern style and Chef Chutima specialties, stick to those and you will not be disappointed. Also, LOS has 4 condiments but be sure to ask for all 4.. chili paste, chili powder, pickled jalape\u00f1o will be brought out in a caddy but the 4th is separate.. its thai chili in fish sauce and lime juice, you'll have to ask for this one. When they bring it lift the lid of carefully and inhale the fragrance. This to me is the LOS perfume and let me tell you this condiment is scorchingly hot. Its burns both ways but it tastes truly amazing! \n\nApps..\n\n#12 Stuffed Chicken Wings.. while these can be found elsewhere, the preparation here is a deep fried crunchy version that's amazing with pickled jalape\u00f1o and sticky rice. \n\n#13 A. Nua Dad Deaw which is Issan style beef jerky. Seriously, it's jerky so think deeply flavored slices of chewy meat. Its fun to eat especially with sticky rice and some of the accompanied sauce. \n\n#14 Nam Kao Tod.. this is like the premier LOS appetizer, if you can order only one app, make it this one. We call this one simply crispy rice with sour sausage. However its the little pieces of sausage arent sour but have a porky lime flavor thats addictive paired with fresh ginger, green onions, chili, peanuts and of course this is all nestled into a pile of light crispy rice. Served with cucumber chips this tastes great using the chili fish sauce condiment. BTW, if you prefer the sausage whole order #66.\n\nSalads..\n\n#45 Crispy Catfish Pieces Salad.. little deep friend pieces of cat fish with slices of apple and peanuts then dressed with lime juice.. Its bright, crispy and one of my favorites here. \n\n#59 Koi Soy.. okay so technically this isn't a salad but the coolness of this dish sits perfectly in the salad space for me. So what is it you ask? It's Issan style beef tartare. Yep raw beef and its a gorgeous dish with minced beef dressed with chili, rice powder and lime. We've ordered this at a spice level 4 and let me say that our faces felt like they were going to burn off. Order at a 1 spice level and add your own heat via condiments. Trust me on this.\n\nEntrees..\n\nA. Khao Soi.. typical street food noodle dish but the version here is crazy good. We always order beef with this but if you're feeling like a high roller get the beef short rib version (you'll pay more but its marginally more tender). Its simple, toothsome egg noodles afloat in a curried coconut bream broth garnished with red onion, lime and pickled cabbage. Its rich, thick and a must order. \n\nK. Kang Hung Lay (Pork Stew Northern Curry).. this is one of those dishes that has a far reaching flavor profile. To me this curry could easily be on a table in India.. its dark deep pork richness is fork tender and perfect over steamed rice. However many prefer to eat this one with sticky rice. \n\nDrunken Noodles.. we order this a couple of different ways depending on what the table wants.. most popular way is Drunken Noodle with Crispy Sea Bass with extra noodle. The sea bass is lightly dusted and deep fried until its light and crispy. Inside the meat is light, flakey and a great contrast to the rich smokey noodles. The other preparation for us is Drunken Noodle with Crispy Duck. Same as above but with slices of deep fried duck breast (no bones in either). The duck is rich, slightly fatty and bursting with flavor. For me the duck is my favorite preparation but I also like heavier meat flavors. \n\nGarlic Prawns.. so for the longest time we never ordered this dish as we thought it was just a Chinese style dish, boy were we wrong. This is where Chef Chutima works her Thai culinary magic. She takes large shell on shrimp and cooks them in such a way that the meat is tender and juicy while the shell is as light and crispy as a potato chip. Yes, you eat the shell, legs and all. This is truly a magical dish for us. \n\nDessert.. \n\nWe're usually so full right about now that desserts of sticky rice and mango seems just to heavy for us. Though look up my review for Luv-It Frozen Custard for a tongue cooling treat (its close to LOS).\n\nAt some point in the future I will write a companion review to this review for those who want to explore other dishes but have been overwhelmed with the scale of the menu. Oh and in case you're wondering the amount of dishes we ordered above are good for about 4-6 people. Though we're really big eaters so a party of 4 is more like it for us. \n\nBon appetite!", "What and Amazing Experience! The food was flavorful, freshly prepared, and spot on! What an amazing wine list - my friend is a Sommelier - was mesmerized by the variety and affordable price point. The only thing that I have to say negative is that the service is not nearly as OUTSTANDING as the food!", "When travelling, always consult YELP!, or google a list of Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives places,  or the Best I've ever Eaten lists.\n\nHaving been in Vegas several times now, I try to visit at least one new place on these lists each time I'm there.  \n\nI was so super excited about the Lotus of Siam!  YELPers have given them a 4-STAR, it made it on Chef Ming's Best I've Ever Had list, so I thought we would LOVVVE it.  Alas, we did not love it. :(\n\nIt is partially my fault.  Going against everything sacred about my fooding skills, we opted for the lunch buffet instead of ordering off the menu.  It wasn't a matter of cost, more a matter of variety.  I thought this would be the best way for us to try a plethora of dishes and see what the restaurant had to offer!  FAIL.\n\nThere were a couple of items that were very good, the tom  yum soup was spicy, fragrant and steaming with deliciousness.  Everything else available was slightly subpar, from the dried out, overcooked chicken wings (not spicy at all by the way) to the pad thai that simply tasted like stir fried rice noodles.  I was disappointed.  There was a really yummy egg omelet with tomatoes and onions that i could've eaten alone with just steamed rice-but that shouldnt be the highlight for a place like this.\n\nLike I said, it was probably my fault for not ordering dishes that had been recommended by others.  We may try it again, who am I kidding, there are like 47,000 other restaurants in Vegas, baby!!! ;)", "Wow, the food was as good as many of the people noted.  The service was fast and the ambiance was surprising after looking at the building from the outside!\n\nAround meal times I think you are generally going to have a bit of a wait as it seems to be very popular judging by the number of people that were there when we came at a bit of an off time.\n\nGive this place a try you will not be disappointed!", "You can see from the other numerous reviews that the food here is fantastic if you like flavorful food. The location and ambience are not what you go for - you go for the food. We were a party of 9 and asked our server to bring several bottles of Riesling, 4-6 appetizers and 6-8 main entrees - all chef's choice. Nearly all were fantastic. There was a catfish dish that seemed to be overcooked but the crispy rice appetizer, a delectable beef dish, garlic prawns and the soft shell crab salad were divine. \n\nLoved it! I plan to return again and again!", "You know this place is good when the doorman at hotel and taxi driver tell you this place is good.  I mention it to other people visiting Vegas and those who have gone say it is good.  The place is in a dingy strip mall but don't let the looks deceive you. The food is incredibly fresh and extremely tasty with a huge wine list to choose from. The inside decor isn't fancy but who cares when you are having really good food. Be sure to make a reservation as it is hard to get into this place last minute on a busy night.", "Yum yum yum!  Wow was I impressed with Siam's food.  So I'm a big fan of thai food, in particular their curries.  I've tried quite a bit of different curries from many thai food restaurants and this one definitely is at the top of the list.  I had the yellow chicken curry with a spicy request rating of 8 and boy did it kick my ass!  This is really the first thai curry I've tried that I can say is truly spicy.  Besides the spicyness, the curry was very flavorful which also made it fantastic.  I also tried their sticky rice and pad thai which were both very well made as well.  Their service was excellent and prices were very fair.  I couldn't really ask for more.\n\nI'll be sure to return here on my next visit to Vegas.", "hot dam this place is too bom\nwent there on sunday night 02/24/2013 at like 9pm\nwhen most ppl wouldve gotten the fk out of vegas hours b4.\nwalked in and noticed holycrap the whole place is packed.\n\nthe location is away from the strip \non the east side of las vegas blvd on Sahara. \nit is in a non-descript massive strip mall\nwith a bar called Cue Club nearby it. \nu have to enter from the backside wher the parking lot is.\nthe parking lot will seem a bit shady but its not bad.\n\nthe grub was as fantastic as winning big in the casinos\nwe tried numerous plates and were like \nholycrap to everything we tried. \nwe noticed that the menu has like 100 or more items\nso we just asked the staff whatever they recommended\n\ngot sake daiginjo bomb!!!\norders we got were all excellent including\na cold shrimp appetizer that comes with some chilis, dipping sauce\nwhich tasted like coconut soup flavor somewhat (bommmmb!!), \nwe had a fried lobster that is market price tax that ass expensive\nbut oh wow what a fantastic massive plate.\nalso had Thai beef jerky it came with a waay bom dipping sauce\na great duck breast cuts plate. wow so good. \n\nwe also had some other orders \ni cant remmeber i was ultra faded beyond drunk.\ni know we had a great time. and everyone loved everything,\n\ntake ur ass here when u go to vegas.\nprobly best thai place i've ever eaten at including in LA where i live. \n(actually just came back from Thailand, u must go the food is incredible!!)\nwill be back 100% for sure on future visits.\n\nthere are all the usual soup dishes including Tom Kha Kai \nbut we had a crazy ass beef with stock soup that was sooooo banging\ni miss all them plates already.\n\nstaff are nice and the customers there were all chill. \nthere was a family next to us from Torrance, CA \nthat were eating a plate that actually convinced me to go \nwhich was a garlic shrimp plate. looked so goooddddd\nbut we did not have more room. \nalso, from what i understand the drunken noodles dishes are \nsupposd to be extra good which is more reason for us to return again!!", "i hope if you are reading my review, its on your iphone/galaxy phone on your way to the restaurant. seriously, im not kidding. one of the best meals EVER, its in a shopping mall, but dont let it fool you!\n\nthe fried garlic prawns were really good!  the shells were a little weird to eat, but interesting...\n my wife and I are big pad thai fans and this was FANTASTIC!  Very authentic, not like the american version of pad thai so don't expect that!\n\nit also has a ridiculous reisling selection, one that rivals the most high end restaurants!"]
[2013, "season2"]	["2.5 Stars for this place.\n\nSo when I think of Thai food, I think of flavorful food.  However, this place didn't tickle my taste bud or even satisfy my Thai food craving.\n\nFound this place on yelp and wanted to try this place since it has 4-stars and over 1200 reviews.  I thought to myself...wow this place must be authentic and good.\n\nGot there at about 5:15pm (they open at 5:30pm for dinner) after reading some reviews saying that this place has a long wait and I didn't want to wait in line.  There were a few people waiting in line already and more people came after we got in line.  \n\nThe place is fairly big and has a pretty impressive wine cellar... but sorry to say that was the one thing that was impressive.  They also had a big staff if waiters/waitress waiting to serve you.  We got seated and the place filled up pretty quickly.\n\nSo when you walk into an Asian restaurant and see that 90% of the customers there were American...what would you think?  Not trying to offend anyone, but I think this place is catered to the American's taste buds.\n\nFood we tried:\n\nThai Ice Tea - Pretty good smooth tea but it was a little on the sweeter side.  \n\nSpicy Chicken Wings - I think this should be called sweet and sour chicken wings instead.  This dish was okay and was very saucy and sweet...not spicy at all (it looks like it has sweet and sour sauce on it).\n\nNau Dad Deaw (Beef Jerky) - As you can say... beef jerky...its pretty tough and not as flavorful...\n\nSom Thum (Papaya Salad) - Very toned down.  I mean very very toned down and bland.  They papaya was coarsely cut and is not the thinly strands as you see in other papaya salad.  Not authentic at all.\n\nCrispy Duck Panang Curry - This is probably the best food dish of all that we ordered.  Still not as tasty as the ones I've had back in NorCal. Again, this dish is also tone down.\n\nSea Bass Drunken Noodles - How can you go wrong with a noodle dish??? but somehow they manage to make it bad.  The taste of it was bland and the noodles were hard.  I guess the noodles are probably old.  The sea bass was deep fried and was decent in taste. \n\nMango Sticky Rice Dessert - I would say this is the best tasting dish of our meal.  Come on.. how can you go wrong with mango and sticky rice right.  I love mangoes so this dish is definitely yummy to me.\n\nI would have to say we did over order for the two of us, but because of the reviews I read, I wanted to try different items.  The portions are smaller than other Thai restaurants and the prices are a bit marked up.  With all the dishes we ordered, we thought our check will come out to about $70, but I was wrong...our bill was almost $100.  We could of gone somewhere else and have better tasting food with the amount we paid.  Pretty disappointed in this place.", "3.6 stars\n\nWith 1000+ reviews and all the hype, I was expecting something a little more out of the ordinary.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't like \"OMG it's so good\" either. Since this was my first time trying the place, I think I need to make at least a 2nd trip back to try the other dishes in order to make a better judgment. Those garlic prawns that seem to be getting so much attention sure sound and look very good. We had the soft shell crab over drunken noodle, pad thai, green curry, and tom yum soup. Pretty much the staples of Thai cuisine. The dishes were flavorful, but not the best.  Being from LA, I must say we are spoiled with plenty of good Thai restaurants.", "A lot of hype (Top Chef, etc.), but this restaurant really delivered.  Off the strip location, but easy to find.  Pretty large space can accommodate many diners - we had a dinner reservation for 7 on 5/10/13.  The chicken satay was awesome - soft, well flavored chicken and the peanut sauce was the best I ever had.  The red curry chicken was very good, but even though I asked for spicy, it could have used some more heat.  All in all, our entire party was happy with the various dishes we ordered.  Ample wait staff - excellent service.", "Absolutely outstanding!!\nSuper tasty, wonderfully priced, great service. \n\nHighly suggest you try this place.", "Amazing food! we do take out often because the wait can be pretty long if you dont make reservations.", "Attended an academic conference down the street from here and a friend managed to get us a reservation. Some of the best Thai food I've ever had (and that's saying a lot!). Curry was just amazingly sweet, salty, and hot; veggies were fresh and crisp; the rice was perfect! Word of this place spread like wildfire through the conference, and everyone who went raved about it. Hated Vegas. Hated it. But I'd go back in a heartbeat just to eat at Lotus of Siam again!", "Authentic that food. Really tasty.  Drunken noodles are really good. Been there on last two Vegas visits and will go again for sure the next time I return", "Awesome!   Go.", "Been here before and still a good place to eat.  Food is tasty but portions are a bit on the smaller side. \n\nStill one of the better local ethnic eateries in Las Vegas. Don't let the somewhat suspect surroundings of this place dissuade you from stopping. \n\nGood service. Mint & green chili with chicken was very good.", "Best Pad Thai anywhere. Spectacular curry dishes featuring duck and short ribs. Garlic prawns were super.", "Best food outside of Thailand... if you are in Vegas go there!!! Have been here a couple times and never lets me down.  Make sure to make a reservation though as the wait can be very long!", "By far this is the Best Thai Restaurant in Vegas.  I have eaten a lot of Thai Food in Los Angeles, Seattle, San Francisco and San Diego and every time I come to Vegas I will always come to this restaurant.  The food is very delicious and authentic. We have Hoi Tod which is like a omelet with mussel and beansprout and it very popular in Thailand and they just cook it to perfection.  Tod Mun Pla (Fish Cake) is always delicious.  If your in town give this place a try and they will not disappoint you.", "Came here thinking there is a 25% chance that I'd be disappointed because of all the hype and being from Oakland where there is so much bomb ass cheap Thai food.  Nope, 99% satisfied.  The 1% is portions are on the smaller side, especially given how expensive each dish was. \n\nOn to food:\nCrispy duck panang- no joke, this is absolutely ridiculously delicious! It isn't spicy and is a type of red curry.  Drizzle on rice and take a bite of the duck=heaven.\n\nCrispy rice (nam kao tod)- so so so so so good.  Order your own, so good you don't want to share.  Perfect amount of spice and leaves a good citrus tang at the end of each bite\n\nDrunken noodle with beef- I originally wanted the one with soft shell crab but they didn't have any on the night I went :(  The beef is pretty standard and so were the noodles.  Not that it was bad but since everything else was amazing, this is pretty standard\n\nTiger prawn wrapped in bacon and wonton wrappers- pretty average.  I mean it's good cuz its a tiger prawn wrapped in bacon and wonton but nothing unique.  I'd suggest saving space for the other better things.\n\nThai tea-  hard to mess this one up overall but pretty damn good.  The tea they used is brewed pretty strong and I can tell cuz it leaves the bitter tea after taste but that's how I like it\n\nTip: Make a reservation! Guaranteed during prime dinner time you'll wait 45-60min.  I called for reso a month ago and the convo went like this, \"I'd like to make reservations. We are all booked tonight! It's actually for next month. Ok, your name and number.  And don't be more than 5 min late or we give away your table!\"   This should show you that they are so popular that they DO NOT NEED YOU. \nAlong with that, when I arrived, this is what happened, I walked in and said hi, immediate response was, it is an hour wait! ok but I have reservations....oh ok, wait here.  Then I was seated in 5 min.  \n\nLesson of the story, make a reso!  The line may be busy, keep trying and trying again, it's worth it!", "Came in on a thursday lunch.  the place was filled got the garlic prawns and green curry both were amazing", "Definitely some of the best Thai food around and definitely worth a trip off the strip.  It's a great place to grab lunch after a night out on the town.\n\nBe warned, the menu is monstrous so a little research on yelp (which is what you're doing now obviously!) will help you get started.\n\nOur party of four shared a few dishes including the spicy shrimp salad, tamarind beef, duck with curry sauce, and a spicy catfish dish.  You can choose your heat levels and we stuck with a 5/10 for our dishes which was all I could handle personally.\n\nEverything was well prepared with higher quality ingredients than your typical Thai place.  It's nice to be able to have good quality Thai food that is authentic and not some fusion excuse to charge you more money.\n\nWe didn't try the buffet, but it looked ok.  I would definitely go with the menu and order what you want instead.", "Dishes sampled include:  \n\nTod Mun Plar - Deep Fried Fish Cake with Curry Paste, Cucumber Salad, Chopped Peanut\n\nKoong Sarong - Marinated Prawn wrapped in Bacon and Wonton wraps, deep fried, sweet and sour\n\nNam Kao Tod - Crispy Rice with Sour Sausage, Green Onion, Fresh Chili, Ginger, Peanuts, Lime Juice\n\nCrispy Duck on Drunken Noodle with Fresh Chili and Thai Basil\n\nBeef Balls Noodle Soup with small rice noodles\n\nHoh Mok Seafood - Steamed with egg, sliced cabbage, coconut milk, curry sauce, cooked in tinfoil with its own juices\n\nFried mussel omelet on top of saut\u00e9ed bean sprout, green onion, spicy sweet sauce\n\nOften traveling and dining solo or with persons not so adventurous I'm always glad when a friend or even a stranger is interested in dining somewhere outside my typical focus and on Christmas Eve, with a number of restaurants closed even in Las Vegas, I was fortunate to have an acquaintance well established in the food industry invite me to dine with he and his girlfriend at Lotus of Siam.  Surely the most 'famous' restaurant in Las Vegas and debatably the most well-known place for Thai in the United States the nondescript strip-mall location on Sahara Ave had always been on my \"to visit\" list and although my heat tolerance is still quite novice what I found at LoS was well within my comfort zone and aside from the nearly ninety minute wait for a seat and perfunctory service all of it was really quite delicious.\n\nFortunate to visit on a day when Chef Saipin was in the kitchen and the crowd was largely local our table of three tried as best we could to sample a wide but manageable amount of food from various areas of the immense menu and deferring once or twice to our server, Pha, we requested items arrive in a couple of courses as opposed to all at once; a request honored leading to seven plates in three rounds, each plate nicely presented, piping hot, and all but the Beef Ball soup full of flavor.\n\nBeginning first with savory fish cakes aromatic and spicy, prawns snappy and fresh with dipping sauce far sweeter than sour, and crispy rice with citrus proving an admirable foil to funky sausage the meal began with a bang only to falter slightly in the second round where the seafood shined while the aforementioned soup fell flat and the duck, advertised as crispy, was actually rather limp but quite delicious as the garlicky noodles, laden with fish sauce, provided needed balance to the substantial heat.  Last, largely because the kitchen forgot we ordered it until we inquired, but certainly not least - the Mussel Omelet arrived resembling a savory funnel cake - a slight sweetness beneath the brine and along with the Nam Kao Tod and Hoh Mok evidence to me that any subsequent trip to Lotus of Siam would see me focus even more strongly on seafood - particularly the snapper and catfish - while also taking a look at the Northern Thai menu.", "Dont be confused with other Thai Spots in this area. They have the plushest Thai food food ive had to date. The crispy duck, duck curry is life changing. Pad Thai is delicious Salmon curry is on point the spices really range from1-10. 10 is real spicy but delicious when your in vegas do yourself the favor and grubbing here. \n\nOverall Joint deserves a 5 for food but the hours arent the best. We found our selves wanting to go when it was closed all faded out here haha. Nontheless its stil beautiful food in a ugly part of town.", "Even after the endless hype from my friends, this place still delivered! It's located in such a random plaza and you would never expect the food here to be any better than other Thai restaurants. Oh, but it is.\n\nWe made reservations a month prior for dinner on Saturday. It was never NOT packed. There was always at least 20 people waiting for a table.\n\nWe ordered some house favorites:\n-Roasted duck curry\n-Drunken noodles sea bass\n-Drunken noodles chicken\n-Kana Moo Krob (Stir-fried Chinese broccoli and crispy pork belly slices with oysterflavored sauce)\n-Spicy catfish (Saut\u00e9ed, deep fried thin catfish slices (deboned), in fresh and dried chilis and Thai basil leaves)\n\nEverything was superb. It takes the cake for Thai food here!", "FOOD= Average\nSTAFF= not too friendly \nPRICE= $$\n\n\n\n\nNot all its hyped to be. The food is average if you aren't used to good Thai cooking then you might think this place is amazing.\n\nPad Thai is the best dish here very tasty and full of flavor.\nThai Papaya salad, don't order it here you will be disappointed. \nEgg Rolls, Average eggroll cant mess that up.\nDrunken Noodle, noodles were old in both drunken noodle order so maybe we got a bad batch? Not sure but that was unpleasant. \n\nAll in all if pad Thai is your favorite then come here because its delicious! Make a reservation this place is usually always busy.", "Fried prawns and pad see ew all the way!\nSeriously, the BEST and I mean BEST thai food in the US.\nI've eaten a lot of thai food and mannnnnn...  I will kill my diet again for this.\nThank God I don't live in Vegas cause I would eat this place out of business.", "Funny story about this place... as discerning yelpers know, it's a bit off the strip, somewhat near the convention center, in a run down strip mall; don't let that steer you away, though.  When we got dropped off around 1:30 for a late lunch, the cabbie advised us to just have the restaurant call for a cab when we were done.  \n\nThinking nothing of it, I approached the counter and asked them to call for a cab when our bill came.  We were told there was a cabbie strike in progress in vegas, and the wait times could be 30-60 minutes.  So, we went outside, and sure enough, ended up waiting 30-40 minutes, and still no cab.\n\nSince we had eaten a late lunch, so the restaurant had closed to prepare for the dinner rush at this point, and out trots Saipin Chutima, along with her son and daughter.  We were standing with another couple who had been waiting nearly as long as we were, and all four of us recognized the owner and head chef from her appearance in the most recent season of Top Chef Masters.  They walked over to a pair of cars, and pulled them around in front of the restaurant.\n\nSaipin's daughter Pennapa introduced herself, and apologized for the lengthy delay of our cabs.  They then proceeded to offer us rides to the Las Vegas Hilton, which is the closest major resort to the shop, so that we could arrange quick transport to our final destinations, rather than wait here with uncertainty.  Needless to say, we all accepted.\n\nThe other couple went off with Saipin's son, while my wife and I got to ride with Saipin and her daughter, who drove.  They were both extremely pleasant, with Pennapa making small talk about our trip and lamenting the service they've been getting from the cabbies due to the strike.  They asked about our meal, and what we had liked and disliked.\n\nOnce we got dropped off at LVH, we waved goodbye, and stood next to the same couple again laughing and wondering what had just happened.  Say what you will about the location and decor of Lotus of Siam; you will never in your life find better service than what we received there.  \n\nOh, right.  The food.  That's easy... simply the best Thai I have ever eaten.  No question.\n\nWe had Nam Prik Ong, which I had never had before, but will now actively search for.  Amazing, amazing, amazing.  Sticky rice is a must with this dish.  We also had an order of drunken noodles with soft shell crab.  My wife and I agreed that it was the best we'd ever had.  Of course, we also had some Pad Thai.  Also the best we've ever eaten.\n\nGive this place your patronage at all costs; you will not be disappointed.", "Garlic prawns!!! Sake!!! Strip mail... Sums it up", "Great food! Loved the Tom Kah Kai soup and both the Beef Jerky (under appetizers) and the Charbroiled Chili Lime Prawns (BBQ) were fantastic!", "Great noodles and tasty pad Thai. Good service. Yummy sticky rice w mango. I would go back.", "Had so much fun at Lotus of Siam - a unique experience when compared to the celeb-chef loaded, overpriced spots on the strip that's definitely worth the cab ride out.\n\nIt's low-key, no need to get dressed up, and they're dead serious about reservations - will only hold your table for 5 minutes. Obviously, they're masters of tom yum soup - and any other variety.  I ordered mine mild, because I'm a baby, and they obliged - but one of my companions ordered \"insane spicy\" and they certainly did that too - he was in a lot of pain.  The crispy rice with pork and scallions absolutely rocks - one of my favorite thai dishes I've ever tried.  Broad drunken noodles, red curry, and a whole fish rounded out the meal.  Such a fun experience, highly recommended.", "Having lived in Vegas for a few years, I've been to a lot of restaurants in town from hole in the wall to upscale places and everything in between but Lotus of Siam is one of my favorites.  They renovated the interior a few years ago so it's nicer and more spacious than it used to be.  They have also added an extensive wine selection.  \n\nI usually order the same thing (pad thai, tom yum soup, yellow curry) at Thai restaurants but at this restaurant, I also order different seafood dishes and they have all been amazing.  I recommend the garlic prawns or garlic squid for seafood lovers.  It's best to call ahead for a reservation, especially on the weekends.  I recently tried to dine on a weekday night but they no longer had space for reservations so I went the next day for lunch instead.", "Holy moly! Hands down the best Thai restaurant I've been too, a close second is in my hometown, Long Beach Thai. \n\nOkay, so this place is situated in a strip mall off the strip filled with other Asian restaurants, so don't be discouraged when you first arrive because the outside does look a little ghetto. We went on a Tuesday afternoon, walked in without a reservation and got seated (we got there at about 1 something in the afternoon, they close at 2:30 pm). \n\nMy Fave: We ordered yellow curry with chicken and tom yum koong both spice level at 5. They do 1-10, 5 wasn't spicy at all, I think next time I will try 6 or 7. You have to have to HAVE TO get the Garlic Prawns, they are fried shrimp (with the shell still on) in a very tasty sauce. It's a little pricier item on the menu, but definitely worth it.", "I absolutely adore spicy food, and Thai food obviously can fit the bill.  I do not live in Las Vegas, nor do I visit very often, but I do know good Thai food when I see it, and this is pretty solid.  What makes it 5 stars vs 4?  The wine list!  Amazing selection of German wine for very reasonable prices.  A perfect companion which cuts through the rich and intense flavors of many of the dishes here.  The menu is huge and I cannot claim to be an authority as an infrequent tourist, but the Nam Kao Tod is a fabulous appetizer.  Any variation of the Pad Kee Mao (particularly with crab) ordered spicy is amazing, but the my favorite dish here is the duck panang.  They fry strips of duck breast (breaded)  until crispy and then drizzle with a rich and distinctive panang which is far spicier than many editions I have had elsewhere.  Combine with a Donnhoff riesling and coconut ice cream to finish, and you have a fabulous treat of a meal...  Do not miss when in Vegas if you like Thai food.", "I always thought that Lotus of Siam got so much publicity and business from their reputation alone that I didn't think that I would ever come here.  The last thing I wanted to do is fight locals and tourists for a seat.  BUT, my group wanted to try them on the final day of our trip and who am I to tell them no?  So I headed out here first to snag a table for eight of us, a very hard task considering that they are always busy even after the lunch hour passes.\n\nAfter confirming with the hostess that our table was ready, another group of 21 comes in and asks for a table.  Now mind you, my group hasn't arrived yet and that group eyeballed my empty table for a bit but thankfully, my group showed up and proceeded to sit down.\n\nThe things that I remembered enjoying the most were the satay appetizer, the pineapple fried rice, the drunken noodles, pad thai, and the pork belly.  They also served a dish with raw shrimp served sashimi style.  I'm a fish sashimi guy but never had I ever tried shrimp raw before.  After dipping the shrimp in their sauce, I can honestly say that I can add raw shrimp to my favorites list.  It was really good.\n\nI can't say that their location is in the best neighborhood but the food really does live up to its reputation.  Next time I come here, I'm going for the lunch buffet.", "I am so excited to go back to Vegas I had to write a review on this gem- this is the BEST Thai Food I have ever had in the States and we eat a lot of Thai food:) Every trip to Vegas we don't even think about where we want to try because Lotus of Siam is our go to spot and yes..it is just that good! It has gotten more popular so I recommend making a reservation. Last time we went for 3 of us it was 1 1/2 hour wait but totally worth it still. I went for my bachelorette party a few years back and that was the first time I'd gone and so happy to have found this place:) Everything is good there, I can't even pick 1 dish...", "I dont get the 4 star reviews.  If this isnt a perfect dining experience, what could possibly make the grade?   I love Thai food, have been to many restaurants, have studied it and cooked it.  This was quite simply the best Thai food I have ever experienced, by a mile, served at a fair price promptly, hot, by a friendly staff.  You can choose anything and it is fantastic,  When you go, try things off the Northern Menu for a unique and rare experience.  Someone here on Yelp said crispy duck in curry is life changing, and he/she is right.  We paired it with Panang, our favorite curry.  Breathtaking.  Crispy garlic shrimp were also mind altering.  Tom Ka Gai soup perfect.  Spicy garlic wings perfect. Scallops in red curry perfect. Khao Soi (Northern) perfect. Spicy seafood fried rice perfect.  My only regret is I know not when I will be able to go again as I live elsewhere.  If I lived there I would go several times a week.  Try it.  There are a lot of restaurants on the Strip that could learn a thing or two about non-pretentious fantastic food served at a fair price for a good value.  Its just off the Strip, easy to get to.  Go.", "I eat a lot of Thai food and this is definitely one of the best. And for as much Thai food as I eat, Lotus still had a selection of Thai dishes I had never seen before.\n\nI went with a large group and we ate family style. We got a number of the normal Thai dishes - panang curry, pad see ewe, pad thai, etc. They were all great with one odd exception. No one in the group was a fan of the pad thai. There was something different about it, the color was much darker almost as if they had added some sort of tomato paste (guessing). But everything else was fantastic.\n\nThe highlight for me was the thai dishes I had never seen before. There was a short rib in some very spicy orange sauce (forget the name exactly) which was absolutely superb and I will get it EVERY time I return. It is simply fantastic. We also had a unique seabass dish which was good on its own, but great with some other spicy sauce that was served with the dish. \n\nI would highly, highly recommed Lotus of Siam as the best off-the-strip restaurant I've been to in Vegas.", "I had tried to come here a few years back but they were closed - the hours of operation are quite short and obviously didn't pay attention to it.\n\nMy girlfriends and I took a quick trip to Vegas all I can say about this place is WOW!  The food and the service were both fantastic!  We ordered soup to start.  Based on the waiter's recommendation, I had the Tom Kha Kai with prawns which was perfectly balanced sour and hot. I like heat, a lot.  The 6 was plenty hot.  \n\nFor the main dishes, we ordered the Panang Curry, Pad Ped, and Seafood Drunken Noodles to share.  Oh.  My.  God.  Beautiful presentation, so incredibly flavorful, perfect texture, just the right amount of heat (4), absolutely delicious!  My girlfriends and I couldn't stop talking about how enjoyable the meal was.  I will definitely visit again on my next trip!", "I love the lunch buffet, it's a great value! They have this amazing beef soup on it and I love to dip the shrimp chips in it! The pad Thai and the tempura on the buffet are also surprisingly tasty. As for dinner, I really like the crispy duck Penang. Very extensive wine list too. It's always a challenge for me to order dinner b/c the menu is so extensive - it's a good thing though.", "I love this place! Talk about food coma! This place is always busy. I had to wait about an hour to be seated. I went next door to the billiards and the guy was nice enough to let me use their spare phone charger. lol..... He also had a menu and reccomended some dishes.\n\nI of course had the crispy duck with panang. Yummy! I also had the tom khai soup with that. Loved it! I'll be back for some more.", "I recently visited Las Vegas for a week and was told by multiple sources that this was the place to go.  \n\nWe called at around 7pm on a Tuesday to make a reservation for the same night and was told that they do not take same day reservations and it fully booked for the night but if we were to do a walk-in the wait was 20 minutes. I am from New York, a 20 minute wait for ANY type of food is considered fast. When we arrived there was no one in the waiting area except my friends and I. We were told there would be a 10 minute wait by the lady at the register until a waitress walked by and told us to follow her. I am pretty confident I know what a fully booked restaurant looks like because when I looked around, it sure wasn't it. There were literally 5 tables out of say 30 that were occupied. Rule #1: Don't lie, it just makes you look really bad.\n\nAs for the food: We ordered Pad se-ew, drunken noodles with crispy duck, green curry with chicken, seafood chili and basil leaves, and two orders of sticky rice. The sticky rice was lukewarm, hard, and not the usual glutinous texture. The noodles for the pad se-ew were good but the dish was fairly bland. The flavor of the green curry with chicken was great but it left us wondering where the chicken was. The \"slices\" were almost as if they were minced. The seafood chili and basil leaves was, for the lack of a better word, awkward. The flavor of the dish did not penetrate the seafood. Besides the initial flavor upon biting, the rest of the seafood tasted as if it was boiled in plain water. The best tasting of our dishes was the drunken noodles with the crispy duck but even this had issues. There were approximately 4 pieces of duck and enough noodles to feed 1.5 people. Even though it was advertised as \"crispy\" the skin of the duck was soggy. \n\nOverall, with this being our last meal in Vegas, we were sorely disappointed. As great as our vacation was, we wanted to end it on a high note by going to a place that others have claimed to have a \"cult following.\" I am sorry to say that for my friends and I, Lotus of Siam does not belong on the pedestal everyone has placed it on.", "I remember reading a food blogger's thoughts on eating at Thai vs Chinese restaurants.  EXCELLENT Chinese cuisine is a rare find, but you will be hard pressed to find a bad Thai joint.  Excluding some specialty items, the general menu tastes like common Thai fare.  We had the Nam Prik Ong (it is an Asian version of crudit\u00e9s served with a shrimp paste which is fishy, salty and sweet, very similar to the Filipino Bagoong), A Pork BBQ dish, Green Curry and Phad Thai.  I enjoyed other places' versions better (eeep).  Although their prices are cheap, very reasonable.\n\nI guess what really sets this place apart is its impressively extensive wine list.  From a humble entrance with waiting times lasting up to 2 hours, you are greeted by a large cellar filled with wine from around the world.  I'm not sure how these pair perfectly with Thai cuisine but I'm thinking any wine aficionado will enjoy this visit.  So go for the lobster, sea bass and German wine.  Otherwise, you can always get seated immediately at the numerous Thai options in Vegas.\n\nWant to see some food porn? :-) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=Pc4P-W9mUQou5gbz5ps4Wg#Pc4P-W9mUQou5gbz5ps4Wg", "I should have really came here at the beginning of my trip and not the end...when I was fooded out and still digesting the meal from the past 4 nights. \n\nAND because I'm a buffet person, I went strictly for the lunch buffet, which is NOT $7.99 anymore, but $11.99. Hello. \n\nEither way I did enjoy this modest lunch buffet as it offered the Thai basics of fried wings, green curry, pad thai, tom yung (?) soup and some other noodles and rice dishes. It was good but again I felt I did myself and this restaurant a disservice by hitting it up the way I did.\n\nNext time, I will bring a lot of people so we can order ALL the specialty dishes that Lotus has won awards for. And I will do this on my first night in Vegas...not my last lunch. =( \n\nPros:\n-Affordable and tasty Thai buffet. Cannot find this quality or price or even a Thai buffet in Hawaii. \n-Quick and attentive service \n-Lot's of parking in this ghetto looking strip mall\n\nCons:\n-It's in a ghetto looking strip mall yo. but that's a good thing I guess coz you know they can't pass on their \"high\" rent or \"fancy\" d\u00e9cor onto their customers. Or at least you hope not!", "I want to give this place a 5 stars but one of the three dishes that I order were good but not excellent. Thanks to other Yelpers' recommendations, I ordered the Nam Kai Tod (crispy rice), Crispy Catfish with Apple, and Crispy duck with drunken noodles- note the \"Crispy\" theme here.  The first two dishes had so much flavor in one bite.  The Crispy Duck was good but the drunken noodles were so-so.  \nThere were so many enticing dishes on the menu but I did now have enough people to help me chow the food down.  These dishes will have to wait for me the next time I visit Vegas.  \n - Show up early for dinner if you want first seating. I visited this place on Saturday night, the door opened at 5:30PM, and all tables were filled by 6:00PM.\n- If you want a pleasant dining experience, bring a big party with you so that you can explore more items on the menu and show up when the door opens.", "I was so excited because of all the good reviews but I was very disappointed.\n\nOverall, the food was very expensive and the portions were tiny.  I didn't think it tasted better than the other Thai restaurants I've been to.\n\nMaybe I came on an off day too because the service was extremely slow and a little rude.", "I was very sad when the owners of Lotus of Siam left SoCal years ago for Las Vegas.   I heard that the food was excellent so visited this past weekend.  When we drove up I thought, what a dump, am I really going into this place.  Fortunately, when we entered we found it to be nice but simple and quite large, probably seating 200 people.  After a forty minute wait we were seated.  The place was packed, but our excellent waiter took time to explain things to us and was very friendly.  I have to say that the meal we had was one of the best culinary experiences I have had in my life, no kidding.  The five dishes we ordered were cooked flawlessly in the northern Thai style with wonderful seasonings and herbs.\n\nMy recommendations:\nCrispy fried shrimp with shell.  Eight large shrimp, enough for the four of us.  Tasty and not oily.\nScallops with chili basil leaves.  Four large scallops cooked perfectly.  My favorite dish.  These were just wonderful.\nDrunken noodles with soft shell crab.  Really tasty dish.\n\nI wish we could have tried every dish on the menu.  I don't know how they can serve so many people and keep the quality of the food so high.  For me this is a five star establishment for sure.", "I would say that this is one of the best Thai restaurants in Las Vegas.\n\nIt is located in the sketchier area of Las Vegas, sigh. We couldn't even make it into the restaurant without a man following us from our car to ask for money, and then getting on his knees until we got into the restaurant. Ay yi yi. I saw a few other would-be patrons getting hassled in a similar fashion from others as well.\n\nWe had to wait about 15 minutes before were were seated at our table. You're definitely going to feel a little claustrophobic in their waiting area because there were many people mushed together! \n\nOverall, it was a good experience while dining. They always made sure that our drink glasses were filled and came over to check on us often. I had Pad See Ew (my favorite Thai dish) with steamed tofu and my friend had one of their duck entrees. This place has the BEST Tom Yum Koong that I have ever had! :) The food still came out pretty quickly for how packed they were that night!", "I'm not sure what I can say about Lotus of Siam that has not already been said. My one tip is that when they ask you what level of spice you want (1-10), subtract 3 from whatever you think you want. My husband and I love spicy food, but he was really shocked by the level of heat in the level-6 papaya salad. (As in, he had to excuse himself to get some fresh air before powering through and enjoying the other dishes.) There were a million things that we wanted to try, but we settled on these four, and managed to finish all four dishes between the two of us.\n\nWe enjoyed: \n* Papaya salad - As mentioned above, a 6 was very, very spicy. Worth it, though!\n* Nam kao tod - Crispy rice appetizer with a uniquely sour taste. \n* Drunken noodles with soft shell crab - Flat noodles with fried soft shell crab.\n* Panang curry with crispy duck - The creamy curry amazingly did not affect the crispiness of the duck skin. \n\nThe service was excellent, and we enjoyed a nice bottle of Riesling with our meal. Very much worth the cab ride from the Strip.", "I've been here a couple times lately.  The lunch buffet is very good and a great deal at like $11.  I'll return for that again.  However the sea bass dinner did not impress me at all.  I'm pretty fussy on my fish and this just didn't seem fresh enough for me.  I will stick to the regular thai food on future visits.  Service was top notch on both visits.", "I've been to Lotus of Siam over a dozen times; I can't believe I hadn't reviewed it yet! What is there to say about the restaurant that hasn't been said before? Who am I to argue with Jonathan Gold? \n\nThe food here really is wonderful, I've tried all of their curries and different seafood dishes and everything was great. Admittedly, I like all Thai restaurants in La Vegas, but when you come here you can truly taste the difference, the flavors are more nuanced. The last time I came here the food was spectacular as always although the portion was a bit smaller than usual. \n\nThis place is always packed yet we never wait forever 15-20 minutes for a table. The restaurant is always humming with energy and everyone seems to be enjoying themselves immensely.", "I've heard so many people rave about this place - small little hole in the wall.  I had no idea how many times I've driven past this restaurant when I am in town.  The location is a kind of run down shopping center. \n\nI tried it last Saturday.  They opened at 5:30pm, we arrived around 5:50 and there was a 45 minute wait. \n\nWe ordered the beef pad thai, beef panang, yellow curry, sweet and sour pork, pad sw-ew and kra phao moo krob to share.  I had my kids with me so we each ordered one dish that we wanted to try and shared.\n\nAll the dishes were flavorful, the pad thai was hands down the best I've ever tasted.  The Kra Phao Moo Krob was probably the best dish we had.  Deep fried pork with basil, oh my!!!  Crispy yet as it sat in the sauce, the flavors of the sauce penetrated the pork and just made it absolutely delicious.  The Panang was a little spicy for me, but was also flavorful.\n\nI can't wait to go back and try other dishes on their menu.", "If I could give this place a 10, it is THAT GOOD!!  So much to choose from so definitely recommend exploring and eating stuff you might not order at your local Thai place; assuming you live out of the area like me... I had a spicy braised beef dish that was sublime.. This is a must stop right off the strip on Sahara.. I plan on returning many more times..", "It doesn't get any better than this!\n\nWhenever I am in Las Vegas I make it a point to come to this place for the Garlic Prawns... This is a must order item.  It also never fails that every time I am eating my dinner random diners come up and ask me \"What is that - that looks good.\"  It happened last night and it has happened every time. \n\nFor appetizer I love the crispy rice with ham and chili lime sauce... I don't remember the name of the appetizer but it is the last one listed on the menu... also a favorite and sometimes I order two of them because they are so good.", "It's Thai food. I have had this in about 105 restos, and to me, they're pretty much all the same. The atmosphere was different, not stuffy or anything, so don't expect that even though this is a famous restaurant , it's not at all bourgeois.\nThe food we ordered was from the Chef's special. The Nim Prok dip wasn't that great. It was a dip for various veggies and pork rinds.\nThe salt and pepper prawns were very good, and the panang curry was good too.\nDo you notice that I am repeating the word \"good?\"\nWell, for the price, it is super $$$ for the main entrees.\nThe only thing that pretty much redeemed it, was the sticky rice and mango.\nAt $8 a pop, it was worth it.\nAlso, my bf has tried Tom Yum soup all over the country (the best being in Boston..) he said this tops it. So there's that review.\nIf you have family in town, bring them here. If you're having a date night..go to The King and I or Archie's.\n\n***Make reservations...unless you want to wait in this fabulous area. (Sarcasm here)", "It's all about the food here!  Service is mediocre, decor pretty mundane and the location kind of creepy but the food more than makes up for it.  Our table of six enjoyed the stuffed chicken wings, dumplings, curries and drunken noodles.  They feature an extensive wine list as well.  If you can get reservations....GO,", "Lotus of Siam is absolutely one of my favorite buffets that I've been to. Located in the heart of buffet capital of the US (i.e. Vegas), Lotus of Siam is definitely one that you should stop by to check out.\n\nRecommendation: The beef noodle soup is the most bomb soup I've had ever. So flavorful - especially with the different herbs, including cilantro. The beef is also extremely tender and delicious, and the noodles - thick rice noodles - go so well with the beef. I had about 3 bowls...soooo good.\n\nThe Pad Thai was also very good. The greasiness was not overwhelming like a lot of pad thai could be. The spicy-ness level was perfect - I always hate it when they assume that people can't take spicy-ness and make it mild and boring. The noodles were also nice and chewy, just like how I love my pad thai. \n\nThe red curry chicken is also pretty delicious, as well as the fried bananas. The rest of the offerings were good but not great, but make sure you eat the the beef noodle soup, pad thai and red curry chicken.\n\nThe price is also extremely reasonable - only $11 for the lunch buffet!", "Most likely the best Thai food in this country. Easy to understand why this place is a foodie destination.  Be prepared to wait if you go any time close to lunch or dinner, even on the weekdays. The Penang crispy duck while pricey at 23 dollars was out of the world.  Would also get the drunken noodle soft shell crab.  Yes this place is definitely pricier than most average Thai places , but precisely because it isn't average . Service is almost always great even with the volume they see here . Take that cab ride off the strip to come here, it's worth or it.", "My friend was raving about this place, and she was absolutely right.  The Nam Kao Tod appetizer was bursting with a variety of flavors and something you don't find at most Thai places.  The cabbage in the dish was so tender and delicious!  Also recommend the Drunken Noodle Soft Shell Crab.  Wash it all down with a nice Thai beer and you'll be happy.  Place was packed when where were there late on a Monday night.  Careful, cause the neighborhood is a bit sketchy at night.", "My second visit to the lunch buffet was as good as the first, which was a year or so ago. The hot and sour soup is amazing and I could eat bowls of it. \nThe curry chicken is also great, and it's one of a few excellent entrees on the lunch buffet. Another is the pad thai, which I did not love. The orange chicken is also very good, especially paired with the fried rice. \nFor dessert, there are cookies, fruit and YUMMY fried bananas wrapped in dough.  For $10.99, you could spend hours at the buffet and try everything. It really is a bargain, and everyone should try it once!", "My wife is the thai food expert, and this is the place she wanted to go for her birthday.  I found many items on the menu that I liked, that were not too hot, and I enjoyed my selections very much.  She was in heaven!  We will go back again the next time we are in Vegas.", "Not too far from the strip and it is a jewel.  I had lunch and was too hungry to wait so had the Buffett  it was yummey.  The Phad Thai was so good.  Everything on the Buffett was perfect.  Do not miss this.  Very reasonably priced.", "OMG this place lives up to the hype! We were one dish short and couldn't decide so we let the serer pick and he was spot on with recommending a fish dish. Note: only dinner reservations no lunch reservations. Get here early or come later after the rush. It's definitely worth the cab ride over from the strip.", "Oh my.  Five of us ate dinner here Saturday night, and this was seriously one of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas.  We did the Nam Kao Tod and Nam Prik Ong as appetizers, then everyone ordered one dish, which we all shared.  The crispy duck panang (ordered mild) was amazing, I kept returning to that sauce again and again, drizzling it over the sticky rice.  We also had the crab fried rice, garlic prawns, and two Pad Thais, one chicken and one pork.  With Singha's all around, the bill was under $150 before tip, considerably less than the rest of our meals on the trip.  Saipin was cooking that night, as I caught sight of her a few times in the back.  Service was fantastic, friendly and accommodating.  \n\nIf you're looking for a fancy place...move along.  But if you're after an unbelievably good meal, this is the place.\n\nI'm ready to book my next Vegas trip just so I can go back.", "Ok, this place gets 5000 stars for food.  It was WAY over the top good.  We started with the fried fish cakes and they were unbelievable.  Then my sister ordered a fried shrimp dish - they are fried shells and all.  You eat the shells and they are \"like potato chips\".  I had the fried softshell crabs and we shared a bean dish.  Both my sister and I were torn between two different dishes and the waiter quickly pointed us to what we ordered and I could have hugged him for it.  The flavors were just out of the world. Things that were supposed to be \"medium spicy\" had a very pleasant heat but not painful.  Would go again in a heartbeat. \n\nThey have a fantastic wine selection and unlike many Thai restaurants your wine comes in real crystal and not thick glass goblets.\n\nSo why only 4 stores?  The ambiance is assaulting.  Bright lights, acoustical ceiling tiles, disgusting carpet, cafeteria style dining rooms (the place is quite large), tackily-hung photos on the wall.  In a word:  Ick.  I noticed a dimmer switch near the wine room and almost adjusted the lighting down.  Just to give my eyes a break.\n\nThe service was not-so-bueno.  It took a very, very long time.  But all was forgiven when the first dish arrived.", "Ok.. first let me say.. I'm not big on spicy food so this probably isn't going to be a fair review for you spicy food lovers.  My husband and I visited this restaurant for lunch and missed the lunch crowd thank goodness!  We ordered the pork satay which I really liked,  drunken noodles with prawns.. good but I thought the prawns were overcooked so they were chewy and they were not clean.. nothing like seeing that black stripe!  My husband liked them... he did agree they were overcooked but he said they're deep fried.. no excuse.. and he loved the crispy shell.  The noodles were good but I thought a bit chopped and sticky .. maybe that is normal.  We also had the chicken pad thai noodles.. i know I know.. typical american dish no real thai lover would order ... now.. I understand it should be spicy and it probably is really good to you heat seekers but the not spicy version... tasted like noodles tossed in ketchup.  For desert we ordered the fried banana and coconut ice cream which were separate orders we had them combine.  They were good together but I'm not sure I would have liked the bananas without the ice cream.  Would I go back.. I think I would and maybe try the buffet... should you try it.. I think you should .. especially if you like spicy food.", "Okay - I've been reading about this place for a long time now...\n\nI was overjoyed to finally eat here once and for all.  The place is located in a bizarre open shopping square area off the strip.  Some of the neighboring shops I noticed were a Korean place, a billiards supply store, a few gay bars, a gay gym, and yes, a full blown all out Sex Club for swingers and singles.  Wow.\n\nWhen you walk into LoS, you notice right away that they didn't put a lot of attention in the design or presentation of the restaurant.  I saw lots of old wood on the walls, with several framed photos of celebs that have eaten there.  The restaurant was somewhat maze-like with halls and alleys leading all over the place.  I was surprised to see a lunchtime buffet there, but I stuck to the regular menu/\n\nI ordered what turned out to be perhaps THE tastiest Pad Thai I've EVER eaten - and that includes genuine Thai places in Bangkok.  The noodles had a golden caramelized nuttiness to them - something I never experienced before, but really enjoyed.  Same with the thai iced tea - very pleasing, and again, perhaps the best I've ever had before.\n\nPrice wise, items were maybe $2-3 more than most other Thai places, and portions seemed to be a little on the smaller end of the scale.  Not a big deal, seeing how the food tastes so damned great!\n\n4 outta 5 stars from me, I'll return to indulge in some heavenly Thai grub the next time I'm in Vegas.", "Once I decided on Vegas for vacation, I immediately booked a reservation here. I had seen it on Top Chef and was intrigued. I live in NYC, but I feel that our Thai food is lacking.\n\nI loved my yellow curry dish. Was the perfect amount of heat and sweetness. I wish I had ordered two dishes, just to try more things. Service was fast, decor was unpretentious, but the area was a little sketchy. We went straight from Lotus to the airport, and it was tough to find a cab. \n\nI am happy I was able to come here!", "Order the most divine crispy duck, get it served in panang with sticky rice (not steamed).  Enjoy the crisp smooth flavor of the duck with your utensil of choice, then sop up the panang sauce with the sweet jasmine sticky rice in your paws.", "Really didnt like how this place looked from the outside, totally ate my words when I tried the food. I would say this is the best Thai place to eat in Vegas or at least one of the top 3. Its a hidden treasure.", "Service was great. Area is horrible but worth it. Favorite thing is the hot wings medium spicy with a side of rice. Its on the appetizer section but can be a meal. Yum!", "So good. Went for the lunch buffet and was surprised at how good the food was - green curry, pad thai, etc. They keep it fresh and good. I was pleasantly surprised.", "Squid salad and seabass on papaya salad. YUM!", "Super pricey! Ridiculously small serving portions!\n\nMy friends raved about this place so we had to check it out.  It is a big place but it gets packed.  So, make reservation.\n\nWe ordered the special crispy duck with panang curry sauce, Thai fried rice, chilli mint catfish, ground pork, chicken curry, and stuffed chicken wings.\n\nThe crispy duck is really really delicious! It is a must try! We did pay $20+ for 6/7 small slices of duck meat tho. \n\nThe spicy chilli catfish was just ok.  It cost us $15 for literally 5/6 small pieces of fish.  The chilli mint ground pork tasted good but the serving portion was so small that we were almost upset.  Seriously, ground pork costs nothing.  Fried rice was good but nothing special.\n\nWe did have the sticky rice and mango dessert.  It is to die for.\n\nOverall, food is decent but prices are not acceptable for Thai food.  I would suggest you go for the Chef's specials such as the crispy duck and beef stew.  They are all over $20 a dish but at least they are special.  Don't order the typical Thai food that you can get it somewhere else at a much cheaper price.\n\nWe probably won't go back because all we really did was loading up on steam rice so we didn't have to leave hungry.", "Take the time to enjoy this little treasure. The food was amazing. We began conversing with both tables next to us and sharing each other's dishes. The experience was one of my favorite times while in Vegas.", "The best thai food in Vegas. I leave my house in Ca early enough to beat down the door at 1130 when they open. They lunch buffet is the best. I dream about that duck soup. They have a variety of veggie and meat entrees to please everyone.  They also have nice selection of Reislings to wash down that spicy food", "The food at Lotus of Siam was absolutely delicious. This was my first visit, but I'm already looking forward to eating here the next time I come to Vegas.\n\nMy favorite dish was Koong Char Num Plar: raw prawns served with lime, chili paste,  garlic slice, mint leaf, & a flavorful fish sauce. It was a simple dish with well balanced, complex flavors. \n\nI also ordered fried fish cakes (appetizer), panang (curry), and a jack fruit dish with fish (northern). For dessert I had fried banana & coconut ice cream. The bananas were wrapped in a sheet which reminded me of fried egg rolls; it was tasty and different than expected.", "There is a part of me that feels sad writing this review.  Why?  Because I used to love this place so much.  It had been a while since I was last here and I was really looking forward to a great LOS experience.  Several years ago, I ate here so often and brought in so many people that the staff even gave me a free shirt.\n\nAlas, those glory days are over.  Their portion sizes have shrunk, the prices have gone up, and the service leaves something to be desired.  \n\nI arrived early for dinner to beat the wait and when my party of 4 was seated, they only gave us 2 menus and no wine list.  After a little while, the server came over to take our drink order.  When we let him know that we wanted to order wine, but we still weren't offered a wine list.  I decided not to push the issue and went with just a glass of his choosing instead of a bottle and then placed our dinner order.\n\nOur appetizer was stuffed chicken wings.  2 chicken wings for $11.   They're good chicken wings, but not $11 good.  With a party of 4 people, I'm surprised our server didn't advise us that there would only be two.  Try putting 4 on the plate and then the pricing might make sense.  \n\nThe combination beef noodle soup was very good. I'll admit - I'm an Asian soup noodle guy.  Love the pho, wonton soup, beef stew, and ramen.  This is a nice dish that holds its own with the greats.  Beef, meatballs, noodles, fragrant broth, and garnished with fried pork skin.  Good portion at a very reasonable price.  \n\nOur Pad Thai tasted great, but the portion size was about half of what I remember them serving in the past.  Since we were all sharing dishes, it wasn't a huge deal, but it would take at least 2 of these orders to equal what you would get at most other Thai restaurants in town.     \n\nThe whole Thai BBQ chicken was meh.  Seasoning was okay, but I'm guessing it had been left over from lunch (or earlier), as it came out of the kitchen at room temperature only 3-4 minutes after ordering it together with the duck (and before our appetizer).  It had that \"stale chicken\" texture that old supermarket rotisserie chicken has towards the end of the night when it's sat under the heat lamps for too many hours and becomes mealy.  Although it's cut into pieces, the chicken is somewhat small.  Not humanely raised tasty farm chicken small though.  The parts look like they came from a 22-24oz Cornish game hen.\n\nMy biggest disappointment of the evening came to the table in the form of panang crispy duck.  This used to be my favorite dish and I was really looking forward to it.  When the entree came out, it was a fraction of the size of its former self.  The duck was not fried to order and the panang did not have the same richness and depth that it used to.  Was it horrible?  No.  Would I order it again?  Absolutely not.  I asked the server about the portion size of not only this dish, but the rest of them as well and he replied that they all appeared to be fine.  I asked why the duck portion had shrunk so much and he informed me that the portion was only supposed to be 1/4 of a duck.  He said that he hadn't worked there very long but it's been that way as long as he'd worked there.  1/4 of a duck with totally unremarkable panang for $25?  Yikes!  It used to be a whole roasted duck, butterflied, de-boned, and then flash fried to order for that price.\n\nThe verdict?  Completely average food, small portions, and big prices.  From now on, I'll be heading over to Spring Mt to get my Thai food fix when I'm in Las Vegas.  I have to wonder what sort of horrible Thai food that the other reviewers on here are eating which causes them to give LOS 5 stars?  Oh, how I yearn for the days when LOS was a small hole in the wall and there was still a wig shop next door.\n\nThe good news out of all of this?  The gay bar at the entrance of the Commercial Center called Spotlight (which has always been and is still very straight friendly) received a full remodel inside and out recently.  Service is fantastic and well drinks and beer are still 2 for $4 during happy hour.  So, if your heart's set on overhyped mediocre Thai food, you can still grab a drink next door while waiting for your table.", "There's over 1200 reviews for this place and that speaks for itself. It's also the only reason we decided to try it out and it was definitely worth it. From the outside, it's pretty much something you'd run away from and even our cab driver told us not to go walking around there... Well the inside is not that impressive either, then you notice the huge amount of celeb photos on the walls. Their wine list is over 100 pages. Service is outstanding! Food was definitely outstanding and worth it, even overlooking the decor. We had the Garlic Prawns and drunken noodles that was great. Loved the pad thai and surprisingly their coconut ice cream with sticky rice was great. I'm not big on non chocolate deserts and this was impressive in its simplicity. We would absolutely go back!", "This food is so good!! Everytime i visit Vegas i eat here. I always get their garlic prawn, crab rice, and charbroiled prawn with fresh chili and lime. its to die for!!!!!!!!!!\n\nIts not in the best area but its worth it. There's alot of poor people and its not well lit.", "This is easily the best Thai food I've had - and Thai is one of my favorite cuisines. In all the dishes we ordered, fresh herbs and well-balanced sauces made the varied flavors pop. Our favorites included the papaya salad, the beef and eggplant salad, and fried catfish. The best part - the prices are reasonable, especially given the quality of the food.", "This is such a gem!  Come here!!!", "This place get cracking! Its in a rough spot of town but don't let it scare ya! I've on a Thai kick lately. They recommend you to make a reservation here but unfortunately I did not make one. But I wanted to try their Larb dish. Been craving it lately ha. So right when i enter I was greeted. I ordered my food to go. I got the Larb/Pork. I was told it'll be ready about 15 minutes. I waited near the entrance and my food came. I could smell it already and can't wait to eat it. It was so good, very flavorful, the spice was right where I like it to be level 4. It was comes with cucumbers and cabbage to eat with. You can eat this with rice. I definitely will be making a reservation back.", "This place has awesome ratings on both yelp and zagat, but i was so disappointed. My expectations must've been too high. I WILL give them props for having the *best* and most smooth Thai Iced Tea I've ever had in my life though. Onto their food? The waiter suggested their duck in red curry. The duck meat tasted a bit... expired.. and rotten. It was also rough, and the curry lacked in flavor. We also ordered a green curry with chicken, which wasn't bad, but it didn't amaze me. I've had much better green curry at any reg Thai joint back home in New York. Now... the appetizer that the waiter said we HAD to order was GROSS. It's some crispy rice sort of thing.. and it's sour, and sour, and sour, and also expired tasting. Why is it their most popular item? People in Vegas must be weird then, sorry guys. \n\nOh, the lady behind the bar area was also rude. She had a huge diamond on her finger and wasn't in a uniform, so she might be some kind of owner/manager. To me though, that means you should step it up a level and be even more nice, not be a snotface. Skinny face, medium long black hair, pale, slender asian woman with a big rock -- BEWARE OF HER, she will make your whole meal unpleasant.", "This place looks like a dump - from the outside - Inside, Paradise.\nThe chicken, coconut soup rocked. Powerful, yet sweet,\nPad Thai was ordered 1 in heat (Mild) My 7 yr. old chowed it.\nI could go on but frankly - just don't come. Skip this ugly strip mall. That makes it easier for my hungry stomach next visit. JUST STAY AWAY.", "This place looks super sketchy from the outside. However, once you walk in, it is packed with tourist. There are cabs always in front of the restaurant. This was my first time going to this restaurant. I must say that the restaurant is quite spacious and surprised how packed it was. They have huge selection of wines so, all you wine lovers definitely check it out. It is inside a glass case where you can see each wine. I ordered pineapple fried rice and Thai tea. The tea was amazing. It's definitely better than Archi's. The fried rice was quite dry. I don't think I'll order it again. The good news is that the shrimp in my fried rice didn't smell fishy. Overall, the service was great and I would go back even as a local. I doubt that I'll go during the weekends because of the long wait. I wish they took reservations or at least call aheads.", "This place rocks, take out is key, the wait is long but the food is outstanding, such a variety of thai food, they do have a good lunch buffet as well.", "This white boy likes the duck soup.", "To start off it took about 10 minutes for someone to come take our drink order, and at least 10 more to take our food order.  We started with a Tom Yum hot pot, and it was okay, I've had better.  The kids had the combo fried rice which was quite yummy, and we also tried the pad see ew.  It was delish, had a very good stir fried flavor.  We also ordered some kind of steak salad, which was just too sweet, we could only handle a couple bites.  All in all, I've had better thai food for taste, price, and portion size.  If you are ever in  Austin, TX head over to Titaya's for awesome Thai.", "Tucked in a strip mall on E. Sahara Avenue, Lotus of Siam is a major hit for excellent Thai cuisine. We experienced this little gem on a Friday night and, at least that night, I'm glad we had reservations. The restaurant was packed. So, consider yourself warned ... we were told they would only hold reservations for five minutes. You snooze, you lose.\n\nThe restaurant is somewhat casual, so shorts and a tee-shirt would have sufficed, but a few of our group of four were dressed for a show and gambling at one of the upscale properties. Each of us would have felt comfortable either way.\n\nThe delight of Lotus of Siam is not the decor or the layout; it's the food. Sooooo good. And there are more selections than one might need -- but who's to complain?! We ordered four entrees: Garlic Prawns (at the suggestion of the server); Chicken Panang; Sea Bass with Drunken Noodles (again, at the suggestion of the server); and Pineapple Fried Rice.\n\nAll were excellent choices. The Garlic Prawns topped with ground black pepper were oh-so-lightly deep fried in their paper thin shells. No need to peel these crispy little delicacies -- eat 'em shell and all! The Chicken Panang contained plenty of thinly sliced chicken breast medallions soaking in a heavenly, light curry/coconut/basil/chili sauce. You may need to keep the sticky rice bowl handy, as the Panang and sticky rice mix well together. The Sea Bass with Drunken Noodles had a nice contrast of flavors between the fresh chili and Thai basil, while the fish itself maintained the mellow flavor characteristic of good sea bass. And, finally, the Pineapple Fried Rice containing curry powder, pineapple, shrimp and chicken was a good little addition -- especially with the contrast of the pineapple to the traditional Thai flavors of the other entrees.\n\nI can't eat Thai food without a Singha lager beer, which I enjoyed. Others in my group shared a bottle of wine from a reasonably long list of wines from various areas of the world. (They selected a Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand -- which at least is from the same hemisphere as Thailand!)\n\nThis was the best Thai food restaurant that I've been to, hands down. And I've been to Thailand!", "Two highlights in my experience here: \n\n1) Super sketchy shopping plaza on the outside with random people biking around asking if they can wash our car rims.... somehow transformed into a very grand-looking restaurant on the inside. \n\n2) Super extensive menu selection... which is both good and bad. I like it because there's lots to choose from to try without overlapping with other people, but the downfall is that it takes forever to go through the selections (especially when you're trying to look on Yelp for what's good and you can't even find it in the menu).\n\nThat aside, the food was decent. I had the drunken noodles with seafood. Flavorful and nicely portioned. I wasn't amazed, but I was satisfied. If the price tag was a little less, that would more appropriate.\n\nI think the best experience here is if you are more daring and willing to splurge on a more expensive and special dish.", "Two words: Garlic Prawns! I would recommend this dish to anyone who loves some crispy well made shrimp! Came here and ordered the Tom Yum soup, Crispy Duck with Chili Mint Leaves, Garlic Prawns and Drunken noodles with Soft Shell Crab. The soup was very eh in my opinion, I would skip it the next time I came here. I thought the Duck was well made and crispy even being drenched in sauce! The Drunken noodles were OK, not anything superb but definitely good. The best thing has to be hands down the Garlic Prawns, large pieces of shrimp that were crispy days after when the hubby ate it cold from the fridge!", "Very good had pad Thai", "Very very good food. It's probably the best Thai food I've found here so far. The beef pad se ew was delicious. The only reason I didn't give Lotus of Siam a 5 star is because they do not have a lunch specials.", "WORST SERVERS EVER.  This lady had 0 personality and to ask her a question it looks like she could not be bothered very very annoying. Onto the food now ! you lost a start for your lousy service. Started out with the shrimp salad excellent shrimp cooked to perfection in an amazing mint sauce. I also got the green papaya salad was good. for my entree i got the drunken noodles with shrimp. The noodles were defintely fresh made in house.  They were stir fried not deep fried. My dish came out luke warm to the point I could not enjoy it I sent it back and it came back steaming hot. Much better we waited 50 minutes for our lunch after our appetizers were served, Also got the garlic fried shrimp everyone raved about was very good hardly and oil the way it was cooked was perfect. this place is far off the strip. I definitely would go back the next time i returned though. Hopefully I will get a different waitress !!", "We came here for this place several times and everytime it is fully committed. But hey don't give up that's why we are here now! When I arrived, I asked for a party of 2, and the wait time is 30-40 min, it was barely 5:30! You can tell how busy it is so I will say if you have somehting planned later that night, make sure you have enough time as they do not take reservation. \n\n25 min later we got seated at a small table by the wall. The server came right away and asked for our drinks. They appeared to be nice and friendly. The place is a bit noisy because of how busy they are but that's how most Asian restaurants here, and I actually think it is more authentic that way.\n\nAfter looking at the menu, we ordered Beef Skewer (No.6 on Appetizer) It was amazing! The sauce that came with it is creamy and yummy! For entrees, my boyfriend ordered pork pad thai which is amazing as well. But for my yellow pork curry, I am not too impressed. I think personally I am used to Indian curry which is thick and creamy , so when I tried Thai curry , it is too watery for me. The veggie inside is not too cooked in my opinon, and I ordered a 7 out of a 10 spicy scale  which is way too spicy than any other 7 at other Thai places.\n\nAfter all, I still think of it as a good Thai food option, but I kind of think it is over rating on yelp, especially after a 30min wait. I still prefer Le Thai on Fremont Street better. \nBut I will return and try some other items on the menu if chances come.", "We came here on the recommendation of someone who used to live in Vegas, who said this was THE place to get the best Thai food. We arrived about 30 minutes after the start of dinner service on a weekend with no reservation, and although there was already a line of people waiting for tables, we didn't have to wait long (Maybe 5-10 minutes).\n\nThe menu is quite extensive, and spans various regions of Thailand. The alcohol list is also equally as extensive, for those that choose to have some with their meal. After reading the great reviews about the drunken noodles, I decided on the seafood drunken noodles ($13). I had other people in my party get chicken pad Thai and chicken panang. \n\nThe drunken noodles came in a flavorful brown sauce, cooked well. I wasn't too impressed with the seafood mixture though. It looked like it came out of one of those cheaper seafood mixes you get in the freezer section at the Asian grocery store. It had pre-cut slices of calamari, scallops, mussels, and imitation crab. The seafood itself tasted just OK. The calamari did taste a little tough though. \n\nI asked for the dish \"medium\" spice level, and I thought it was spot-on. It was spicy enough to give you some kick to your meal, but mild enough that you won't be drowning yourself in gallons of water to cool off from the heat. The person that had the chicken pad Thai was very satisfied with her meal, and the person that had the chicken panang thought it was good, albeit also a little pricy for what he got.\n\nService was excellent despite it being very busy. Plates were taken as needed and drinks were refilled fairly promptly.\n\nI'd definitely like to come here again to try something different. I'd also like to try their lunch buffet sometime!", "We could not wait for 1hr so we did take out.  It was more than fantastic!!!! Will be here again tomorrow too. :-)  Shrimp fry and fried rice was awesome.", "We had a feast at Lotus of Siam in Las Vegas.\n\nDefinitely worth a trip off the strip.\n\nThe ambience reminds me of Chinese dim sum houses with expansive floors and lots of tables- though the staff and cuisine are distinctly Thai. I mention the space because whenever I'd read about Lotus of Siam I imagined a smaller, fluorescently lit, retail window looking space and its much more inviting than what I imagined.\n\nQuick run down on what we had and enjoyed:\n* Chang Beer\n* Duck Curry\n* Deep-Fried Red Snapper with Sweet Chili Sauce\n* Deep-Fried Red Snaper with Panaang\n* Deep-Fried Sea Bass with Ginger\n* Short Rib\n* Drunken Noodles with Soft Shelled Crab\n* A rice dish with great heat and flavor\n* Beef Jerky (a challenge for the jaws, only dish I don't recommend)\n* Mango and Sticky Rice\n\nEverything was delicious.  Gives Los Angeles Thai places a run for their money.", "We had to get to Lotus of Siam before leaving for the airport. I wasn't going to risk not making it in, so we got there at 5:20 (10 minutes before they open) and...\n\nTHERE WAS A HUGE LINE! Nobody told me about this! This place is so popular that people are lined up outside before it even opens. Luckily, we were able to snag a seat and enjoy a great meal.\n\nWe loved the drunked noodles and green curry with beef, but the highlight was a pork/chili dipping sauce from the \"Northern Thailand\" page of the menu. This dish was incredibly flavorful and different from any other Asian food I have ever tried (and I live in Chinatown, Philadelphia). The other items were very good, but didn't stand out as much.\n\nWhat did stand out was the great service. The waitstaff was busy, organized, polite and helpful. Couldn't ask for more!", "We went there out of curiosity to find out what's special- why a lot more were raving about and just to check the place...and we ended up eating lunch as they were serving buffet. \n\nService was polite and friendly. As soon as we entered they greeted us at the entrance and offered us a table.They sat us near the wine cellar and after a few minutes this place was almost full. \n\nThe food was good and flavorful. They have a great lady chef constantly refilling the buffet line and checking the customers' needs.\n\nServers were very attentive in checking up on us if there's anything we needed and clearing our used plates. \n\nBoth the food and service is excellent in my book.", "Without any doubt in my mind, the best Thai food I've ever eaten. The STUFFED CHICKEN WINGS were an incredible stater. My not some brave friend ordered the COMBINATION FRIED RICE and even that simple dish was knock you out of your chair good. I had the CRISPY DUCK with CHILI and MINT, best duck ever! I will never step foot in Vegas without visiting this amazing place.", "Wow... Just Wow... \n\nEasily may have been one of the best meals I've had period.  Definitely the best meal I've had in the last few years regardless of cuisine type.\n\nI figured I'd go with the popular specialties:\n\nGarlic Prawns:\n\nAmazing, huge, while pricey, over $20, it was a really big portion.  They were huge prawns, perfectly fried, lots of garlic, stupid good!\n\nCrispy Duck Penang:\n\nThe duck was amazing.  And I'm picky as hell on my duck.  It wasn't overcooked.  It had a very light batter that was super crispy.  Skin was perfectly crispy.  The penang sauce was wonderful.  I don't eat a lot of Thai food so I can't compare it to other places, but it was really good.  The only compliant on this one is that its a relatively small portion for the price, also over $20.\n\nShrimp Pad Thai:\n\nI figured I had to try Pad Thai done proper.  Now I can't speak towards it's actual authenticity as I haven't had it in Thailand, but it was easily the best Pad Thai I've had.  The shrimp were also really large and perfectly cooked.  The portion was medium sized, but the price was only around $12 or so, so definitely worth the money.\n\nThe place is really hard to find, it's not facing the main road, so you have to work to find it, but it's worth it.  I will definitely be stopping here every time I bounce through Vegas.", "Yum!  As I have stated in prior reviews, I am NOT a Thai food professional!  Don't get me wrong, I like Thai food more than I should and I have been on a kick the past few months, but I rarely varie from Pad Thai or Curry.  That said, I was EXTREMELY tempted to wonder off my path and attempt a new item or two (but didn't due to a long road trip home and I did NOT want to chance something not sitting right - if you know what I mean).  \n\nThey did screw our order up (wifes curry WAY too spicy for her and my Pad Thai not nearly spicy enough).  We just swapped plates and enjoyed each others meals (no complaints from me, I really like spicy curry).\n\nThe food is good, staff is helpful and friendly.  The restaurant is not the nicest I have been in (you can tell from the outside you will not be experiencing fine dinning) - but again, I am not really complaining.  The place is clean, just older.\n\nMy wife and I enjoyed looking at pictures of all the famous people who have enjoyed a meal or two here and even though the place was packed, we got a table quickly and our food came out fast.\n\nOverall it was a great experience and next time I am in Vegas I will try something new at Lotus of Siam!", "great tasting thai food - much pricier than my usual LA thai fare (Palms in Hollywood and Uncle Tim's Thai Village in West Covina) . i would recommend it to friends who are sick of american food around the Strip :)", "long wait, pricey.  food is just fine.  not worth 5 stars.", "pretty good food, gets very busy but didn't have to wait long, nice wine selection, and ran into Jim Belushi there..", "was in vegas on business and every night someone different from the show was recommending this place. so finally i went and DAMN amazing thai food. comparing to my favorite places back home in hawaii this one blows it out the water. next time i'm in vegas i will be back for sure!"]
